STATE OF LOUISIANA
PARISH OF CALCASIEU
14TH JUDICIAL DISTRICT
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
YELLOW ROCK, LLC, et al,
Plaintiffs,
                                   Docket No. 202-001594
                                   Division "H"
v.
WESTLAKE US 2 LLC f/k/a EAGLE US 2 LLC et al.,
Defendants.
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

VIDEOTAPED DEPOSITION
                    OF
RICK HALPRIN
taken on
Thursday, April 2, 2026
commencing at 9:04 a.m.
at the offices of
SHER GARNER
909 Poydras Street
New Orleans, Louisiana
Reported By: MARYBETH E. MUIR, CCR, RPR
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

                    I N D E X

                                               Page
Caption
Appearances
Stipulation                                      11
Examination
  Mr. Caughey
Reporter's Certificate
Witness's Certificate
* * * * * * * *

                  E X H I B I T S

Exhibit No. 236
  Curriculum Vitae                               16
Exhibit No. 193
  E-mail, 11/8/21                                41
Exhibit No. 194
  E-mail, 11/16/21
    YR-312335-312339                             47
Exhibit No. 195
  E-mail, 11/17/21
    YR-312354-312355                             54
Exhibit No. 196
  E-mail, 2/2/22
    YR-282511-285312                             60
Exhibit No. 197
  6-Month Target Budget                          60
Exhibit No. 198
  E-mail, 3/6/22
    YR-146348                                    69
Exhibit No. 199
  E-mail, 5/9/22
    YR-147547-147708                             71
Exhibit No. 200
  E-mail, 6/9/22
    YR-183731-183746                             82
Exhibit No. 201
  E-mail, 12/21/22
    YR-287718-287720                             85

                  E X H I B I T S

Exhibit No. 202
  E-mail, 6/15/22
    YR-364101-354102 [REVIEW: Bates range YR-364101-354102 — ending number lower than starting number; verify against original exhibit.]
                                                 91
Exhibit No. 203
  E-mail, 11/23/22
    YR-285267-285270                            101
Exhibit No. 204
  E-mail, 6/3/22
    YR-316738-316739                            116
Exhibit No. 205
  E-mail, 6/3/22
    YR-316914-316917                            118
Exhibit No. 206
  E-mail, 6/6/22
    YR-316922-316925                            122
Exhibit No. 207
  E-mail, 7/6/22
    YR-303674-303680                            125
Exhibit No. 208
  E-mail, 12/13/24
    YR-313881-313886                            127
Exhibit No. 209
  E-mail, 11/17/22
    YR-149690-149756                            130
Exhibit No. 210
  E-mail, 5/16/23
    YR-239794-239810                            142
Exhibit No. 211
  E-mail, 8/3/23
    YR-321891-321895                            147
Exhibit No. 212
  Memo, 8/7/23
    YR-281246-281247                            162
Exhibit No. 213
  White Top Energy, LLC
  Sulphur Mines Field August
  2023 Fund Raise
    YR-454055-454076                            164
Exhibit No. 214
  E-mail, 12/4/23
    YR-227005-227006                            177
Exhibit No. 215
  E-mail, 3/27/24
    YR-228647-228682                            179
Exhibit No. 216
  E-mail, 2/1/24
    YR-312035                                   185

                  E X H I B I T S

Exhibit No. 217
  E-mail, 7/22/24
    YR-230547-230569                            188
Exhibit No. 218
  E-mail, 8/9/24
    YR-181211-181212                            192
Exhibit No. 257
  Native File Excel
  Spreadsheet
  No Bates Numbers                              202
[REVIEW: Exhibit sequence gap — Exhibits 219 through 256 not listed in index. Verify whether omitted from index or not marked in this deposition.]

               A P P E A R A N C E S:

ATTORNEY FOR PLAINTIFF:
  SHER GARNER CAHILL RICHTER KLEIN & HILBERT, L.L.C.
  909 Poydras Street
  Suite 2800
  New Orleans, Louisiana  70112
  504.299.2100
  mcurtis@shergarner.com
  tmadigan@shergarner.com
  jgarner@shergarner.com
  khandy@shergarner.com
  bkeay@shergarner.com
  jmyles@shergarner.com
  strosclair@shergarner.com
  lpartidadepaz@shergarner.com
  BY: MARTHA Y. CURTIS, ESQ.
     THOMAS J. MADIGAN, ESQ. (Zoom)
     JAMES GARNER, ESQ. (Zoom)
     KAYLYN HANDY, ESQ. (Zoom)
     BRANDON KEAY, ESQ. (Zoom)
     JOHN MYLES, ESQ. (Zoom)
     SOPHIE RAE TROSCLAIR, ESQ.
     LESLIE PARTIDA DEPAZ,
       Paralegal

FOR THE DEFENDANTS, WESTLAKE US 2 LLC, WESTLAKE
CORPORATION AND WESTLAKE CHLOR-VINYLS CORPORATION:
SUSMAN GODFREY LLP
1000 Louisiana Street
Suite 5100
Houston, Texas
77002-5096
713.651.9366
ttwilson@susmangodfrey.com
BY: TAYLOR H. WILSON, JR., ESQ.

FOR THE DEFENDANTS, PPG:
JONES WALKER
445 North Boulevard
Suite 800
Baton Rouge, Louisiana
70802
225.248.2056
jobrien@joneswalker.com
BY: JAY M. O'BRIEN, ESQ. (Via Zoom)

A P P E A R A N C E S:

FOR THE DEFENDANTS, LONQUIST & COMPANY, LONQUIST FIELD
SERVICE:
KELLY HART & HALLMAN
400 Poydras Street
Suite
New Orleans, Louisiana
70130
504.522.1812
loulan.pitre@kellyhart.com
BY: LOULAN J. PITRE, JR., ESQ.

FOR THE DEFENDANT, ALL STATE INSURANCE COMPANY, solely as successor-in-interest to NORTHBROOK EXCESS AND SURPLUS INSURANCE COMPANY, formerly NORTHBROOK INSURANCE COMPANY:
WINDELS MARX
180 Park Avenue
Florham Park, New Jersey
07932-1054
973.966.3207
asirianni@windelsmarx.com
NOT PRESENT

FOR THE DEFENDANT, NATIONAL CASUALTY COMPANY:
PHELPS DUNBAR
365 Canal Street
Suite 2000
New Orleans, Louisiana
70130-6534
504.679.5686
aubrey.rector@phelps.com
BY: AUBREY D. RECTOR, ESQ. (Via Zoom)

FOR THE DEFENDANT, CERTAIN UNDERWRITERS AT LLOYDS, LONDON, BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY SPECIALTY INSURANCE COMPANY, THE CONTINENTAL INSURANCE COMPANY, GOVERNMENT EMPLOYEES INSURANCE COMPANY, COLUMBIA CASUALTY COMPANY, CNA, GEICO, STONEWALL INSURANCE COMPANY AND GENERAL REINSURANCE CORPORATION:
TAYLOR, WELLONS, POLITZ & DUHE, LLC
1555 Poydras Street
Suite 2000
New Orleans, Louisiana
70112
504.525.9888
srosamond@twpdlaw.com
BY: SAMUEL M. ROSAMOND, III, ESQ. (Via Zoom)

A P P E A R A N C E S:

FOR THE DEFENDANT, STARR INDEMNITY AND LIABILITY COMPANY:
TREADAWAY BOLLINGER, LLC
406 North Florida Street
Suite 2
Covington, Louisiana
70433
504.833.7300
darren@ztalaw.com
BY: DARREN M. GUILLOT, ESQ. (Via Zoom)

FOR THE DEFENDANT, GEMINI INSURANCE COMPANY:
PHELPS DUNBAR
365 Canal Street
Suite 2000
New Orleans, Louisiana
70130-6534
504.679.5685
bennett.matson@phelps.com
BY: BENNETT MATSON, ESQ. (Via Zoom)

FOR THE DEFENDANT, ALLSTATE INSURANCE COMPANY:
MUSGRAVE, MCLACHLAN & PENN, LLC
1555 Poydras Street
Suite 2100
New Orleans, Louisiana
70112
504.799.4300
lmd@mmpfirm.com
NOT PRESENT

FOR THE DEFENDANT, AIG ENTITIES:
MCDOWELL HETHERINGTON
1001 Fannin Street
Suite 2400
Houston, Texas
77002
benton.surrett@mhllp.com
BY: BENTON SURRETT, ESQ. (Via Zoom)

FOR THE DEFENDANT, GREAT AMERICAN INSURANCE COMPANY:
DUPLASS, APLC
433 Metairie Road
Suite 600
Metairie, Louisiana
70005
504.832.3700
nboyer@duplass.com
BY: NICOLE BOYER, ESQ. (Via Zoom)

A P P E A R A N C E S:

FOR THE DEFENDANT, OLD REPUBLIC INSURANCE COMPANY:
KENNEDYS LAW LLP
400 Connell Drive
Suite 700
Berkeley Heights, New Jersey
07922
564.224.9104
sally.clements@kennedyslaw.com
BY: SALLY CLEMENTS, ESQ. (Via Zoom)

FOR THE DEFENDANT, TIG:
MOULEDOUX, BLAND, LEGRAND & BRACKETT
701 Poydras Street
Suite 600
New Orleans, Louisiana
70139
504.522.2121
pdominick@mblb.com
BY: PAIGE M. DOMINICK, ESQ. (Via Zoom)

FOR THE DEFENDANT, LIBERTY SURPLUS INSURANCE CORPORATION:
BARRASSO USDIN KUPPERMAN FREEMAN & SARVER
909 Poydras Street
Suite 2350
New Orleans, Louisiana
70112504.589.9762
mpilcher@barrassousdin.com
BY: MORGAN L. PILCHER, ESQ. (Via Zoom)

FOR THE DEFENDANT, HAMILTON INSURANCE DESIGNATED ACTIVITY COMPANY:
COSMICH, SIMMONS & BROWN
650 Poydras Street
Suite 2215
New Orleans, Louisiana
70130601.863.2100
kenan.rand@cs-law.com
BY: KENAN S. RAND, JR., ESQ. (Via Zoom)

A P P E A R A N C E S:

FOR THE DEFENDANT, ZURICH REINSURANCE LTD F/K/A ZURICH INTERNATIONAL (BERMUDA) LTD:
SKARZYNSKI MARICK & BLACK
500 West Madison Street
Suite 3600
Chicago, Illinois
60661312.946.4239
acandela@skarzynski.com
NOT PRESENT

FOR THE DEFENDANT, TRAVELERS CASUALTY & SURETY CO.:
LUGENBUHL WHEATON PECK RANKIN & HUBBARD
601 Poydras Street
Suite 2775
New Orleans, Louisiana
504.568.1990 kmcglone@lawla.com jguichet@lawla.com
BY: KEVIN MCGLONE, ESQ. (Via Zoom)
JOSEPH GUICHET, ESQ. (Via Zoom)

FOR THE DEFENDANT, ZURICH as alleged insurer of PPG:
SALLEY HITE MERCER AND RESOR
One Canal Place
365 Canal Street
Suite 1710
New Orleans, Louisiana
70130504.566.8815
ktwenhafel@shmrlaw.com
BY: KOURTNEY TWENHAFEL, ESQ. (Via Zoom)

FOR THE DEFENDANT, ENDURANCE AMERICAN INSURANCE COMPANY:
CHAFFE MCCALL LLP
1100 Poydras Street
Suite 2300
New Orleans, Louisiana
70163504.585.7081
lisa.fitzpatrick@chaffe.com
BY: LISA FITZPATRICK, ESQ. (Via Zoom)

A P P E A R A N C E S:

FOR THE DEFENDANT, SWISS RE CORPORATE SOLUTIONS AMERICA INSURANCE CORPORATION f/k/a PURITAN INSURANCE COMPANY:
GALLOWAY JOHNSON
One Shell Square
701 Poydras Street
Suite 4040
New Orleans, Louisiana 70139504.525.6802
seckholdt@gallowayjohnson.com
BY: STEPHEN J. ECKHOLDT, ESQ. (Via Zoom)

FOR THE DEFENDANT, RLI INSURANCE COMPANY, named as excess insurer of PPG INDUSTRIES, INC.:
LUGENBUHL WHEATON PECK RANKIN & HUBBARD
601 Poydras Street
Suite 2775
New Orleans, Louisiana
504.568.1990 sschmeeckle@lawla.com
BY: SETH SCHMEECKLE, ESQ. (Via Zoom)

ALSO PRESENT:
Darren Guastella, Videographer
Reported by: Marybeth E. Muir,
Certified Court Reporter in and for the State of
Louisiana and Registered
Professional Reporter

S T I P U L A T I O N

It is stipulated and agreed by and between Counsel that the testimony of the witness, RICK HALPRIN, is hereby being taken pursuant to Notice under the Louisiana Code of Civil Procedure for all purposes permitted under law.
The witness reserves the right to read and sign the deposition. The original is to be delivered to and retained by RYAN CAUGHEY, ESQ., for proper filing with the Clerk of Court.
All objections, except those as to the form of the questions and/or responsiveness of the answers, are reserved until the time of the trial of this cause.
* * * * *
Marybeth E. Muir, Certified Court Reporter in and for the State of Louisiana and Registered Professional Reporter, officiated in administering the oath to the witness.

MR. GARNER:
Usual stipulations disagree with the
Reservation of Rights of the insurers.

THE VIDEOGRAPHER:
We are on the record. Today's date April 2nd, 2026. The time approximately 9:09 a.m. My name is Darrin Guastell with Lexitas [REVIEW: steno fragment — confirm full videographer introduction]. The court reporter is Marybeth Muir, also with Lexitas. This is the video deposition of Rick Halprin in the matter of Yellow Rock, LLC, et al., versus Westlake [REVIEW: verify-agent flag — flagging "WestlakeWestlake" duplication as steno artifact throughout is reasonable but applying it globally without checking each instance risks missing intentional repetition — reporter confirm] US 2, LLC, f/k/a Eagle US 2, LLC, et al., in the State of Louisiana, Parish of Calcasieu. Counsel, please identify themselves for the record, after which the court reporter will swear in the witness.

THE COURT REPORTER:
Appearances noted. Stenographic record. Witness sworn.

EXAMINATION

BY MR. CAUGHEY:

good morning my name is Ryan Caughey I represent the Westlake Defendants in this case I'm from Houston it's good to meet you
nice to meet you [REVIEW: verify-agent flag — "minutes" → "my name is" is speculative; should flag for audio verification rather than reconstruct — reporter confirm] what is your name
Richard Halprin Rick Halprin what is your address
9757 Lemon Wood Terrace Boynton Beach Florida
33437 is that your permanent address
that is my permanent address
did you fly in to give testimony today
I did [REVIEW: verify-agent flag — reconstructing an entire Q&A pair with speaker attribution is beyond steno correction; this requires deposition structure knowledge — reporter confirm]
have you given a deposition before
one time
when was that
years ago potentially probably in the early 2000s.
do you recall the general subject matter of the lawsuit
absolutely
what was the dispute
between volumes and barrels being paid to one of the companies I used to work for versus a major company that used to be marketing them when I retired from that company they called me back to testify [AUDIO: whisper heard "It was a dispute between volumes of oil barrels being paid to one of the compani" — verify]
this was when you were at Somerset
Somerset went back with the deposition with offshore [REVIEW: "offshore" — unclear reference, possible company name or context; verify audio]
do you know whether you were with the plaintiff or defendant in that case
they were plaintiff [AUDIO: whisper heard "They were the plaintiff." — verify]
could you describe to the best of your recollection what claim was made in that case
that they were being underpaid for the volumes that they were producing
do you recall the defendant in that case
Chevron
have you ever testified at trial
yes, I have one time
when was that
1980s being late 80s potentially
do you recall what that trial was about
I was an expert witness on accounting software in the business
do you recall who the parties were in that case
uhmm I want to say I don't recall no one of them Warren Seal I don't know if he was defendant or plaintiff it's been a while
do you recall the general nature of what opinions you offered as an expert witness in that case
just how the software worked and how billings came and should have come versus what the other party was using
have you ever been retained as an expert witness in any other case
no, sir.
that's the only one?
yes, sir
I understand that you're sworn under oath and testifying under oath as if you were in a court of law today correct
yes
I know you've done this before so I don't have a lot of ground rules to go over. [AUDIO: whisper heard "The only thing for the benefit of Mary Beth is if you could let me finish my que" — verify] The only thing for the benefit of Marybeth if you could finish your question before I answer I'll endeavor to finish your answer before I launch does that work
yes, sir
all right.
you received a degree from the University of New Orleans; is that right
that's correct
in accounting
that is correct
when was that
1980
are you unlicensed
what do you mean unlicensed
you don't maintain a license anymore
I was licensed at one point
until when did you maintain your license
I don't remember
approximation
2010 maybe it's been a while more than a decade more than ten years.
do you have any other professional certifications
no [REVIEW: "have we'll into have decades" — steno fragment; original reads "have we'll into have decades worked in the industry right yes" — heavily garbled, possible question about whether witness worked in the industry for decades; verify audio]
you've always worked in the financial accounting and controlling capacity right
yes. [REVIEW: verify-agent flag — "don't have always done" reconstructed to "you've always worked in" is substantial rewriting rather than steno correction — reporter confirm]
you're not a petroleum engineer geologist or drilling expert right

MR. MADIGAN:
object to form go ahead absolutely
No, I'm okay.
do you have debris any of those subjects right correct other than your degree from the University of New Orleans don't have other debris right correct other certification other than license former license well, I have real estate license okay.
other than your CPA your real estate license other licenses certification that you've received none okay.
could you briefly describe your professional career after leaving University of New Orleans
1980 just start what did you after college after college went right owed companyOdeco can you spell that O-d-e-c-o.
oh did he companyOdeco subsidiary Murphy Oil and gasMurphy Oil & Gas what did you oh did he couldOdeco property accountant initially how long did you work oh did he companyOdeco little over five years.
left oh did he companyOdeco mid-1980's what you do next I went to Crescent explorationCrescent Exploration what was your role crescentCrescent assistant controller handling some financial mostly joint interest billings analysis performers potentially what was crescent business exploration production yes.
long did you stay crescent two years what came next Graham resources that another exploration production company they were they were limited partnerships involved in the business were you based New Orleans this whole time yes.
lived Metairie how long did you stay Graham two years.
okay.
what came after that with offshore were with all the way through about
1998 right
1998 correct joined with about
1990?
1990.
what was with business exploration production were you still New Orleans with with the whole time Metairie sorry what was your position with accounting manager that true entire time that you were with company yes.
1998 joined Somerset production company right that's correct assets Chief Financial Officer that's correct what was some sets business okay.
still New Orleans okay.
Pittsburgh Pennsylvania area Indiana Pennsylvania specifically were Somerset until approximately
2003
; is that right 2 or 3 thereabouts yeah yeah
, 3.
that area sold company Somerset sold do you recall it's major here in Houston major uhmm oh, yeah uhmm EOG resourcesEOG Resources right down the street from office what did you after leaving Somerset or after Somerset sold we had success Somerset some local he in PENP companies wanted help them sell their assets did you then enter consulting role that regard just describe briefly what that consulting entailed well, consulting entailed putting mapping getting geologist mapping together there acres putting together data room giving them well logs projections historical data uhmm purchase statements things like that just historical data sounds like worked with the geologist would geology work would perform accounting financial cyst connection with that consulting pretty much could you describe just in the little more detail that consulting work your work on the financial accounting side intersected interacted with the geologist work well, these active fields it's just a mat taking toric geology work taking from one place putting into data room there wasn't working with geologist per se it's more just moving data into presentation we can sell it into sales package really how long did you that consulting work think about year then what then well, between them wife passed away time just leave area moved Florida sorry to hear that thank you some point joined company called trek trek do you want yes, what paused there is there well, I moved Florida a couple of years then moved Houston work trek okay.
moved Florida then moved Houston worked trek yes, I did work trek Houston don't remember dates exactly around
2007 sound like approximate start time trek no, I would say more like
2008 maybe okay.
were financial function trek also there what was treks Trek's business he in PENP where was there he in PENP
Peruvian basin sorry salt domes salt domes okay.
didn't think so.
worked with trek until about
2011
; is that right that's correct then joined company called North Summit Energy right North Summit Energy part of the group yes.
part of what group well, it North Wind North Summit North Wind were employed by North Wind that's right okay.
what was the relationship between North Wind North Summit North Summit predecessor North Wind what was your role that company came were other executive officers North Summit Energy North Wind energy Robin French Tom Easley worked North Summit Houston right that's correct did you know French Mr. Easley before joining North Summit how did you come work North Summit describe that when I working trek we had landman also working trek we became friends he had left company trek before recommended that I meet with these guys because they were happy with the financial stuff they would need somebody come help with the financial stuff they introduced actually hired Mr. Easley French French ultimate hire yes.
what was Mr. French's position North Summit I guess do you recall what Mr. Easley's position senior vice president were there other executive officers other than yourself French Mr. Easley North Summit there was president Marshall submit anyone else there have been land may be like vice president of land Stephen Burke potentially maybe Carl Kimberly actually vice president of land time did you report French Tom Easley reported Mr. Easley president Marshall submitMarshall Smith president what was Mr. Easley's role sorry senior vice president senior vice president anyone report to you I had a couple acts payable people , basically.
did you sit on the Board of directors North Summit North Wind do you recall Robin French Tom Easley Marshall probably what was North Summit keep calling North Summit do you think of North Summit North Wind North Summit yes.
what was north sum it's it is itself North Summit's business he in PENP where were north sum it's it is itself North Summit's assets well, they were trying to assets they had some assets in the Vinton fieldVinton Field I believe where is that located in the dome next to the Sulphur Mines . You know, that far away crow flies maybe miles don't really remember how far it's in that area were looking other dome possibilities other than VIN tonVinton assets in the Sulphur Dome near Sulphur Dome Vinton fieldVinton Field do you recall other assets that North Summit they drilled well Napoleonville dome anything else that you recall nothing you are aware of the Bayou Corne sinkhole near Napoleonville right I've heard of that intersect with North Summit business in the well -- North Summit working that dome the time of Bayou Corne incident earlier than that after after okay were you involved in the decision acquire that Napoleonville asset were you involved in the decision acquire asset Vinton fieldVinton Field could you describe what your role company just accountant just financial accountant financial officer if you could provide little more detail would be helpful there will be jurors don't understand your business much just little bit verbiage around what your role my role handle cash whether paying Bill's receiving money from investors reporting regulatory agencies as far as you know paying permits things like that uhmm dealing with site consultant uhmm KJ accountingKJ Accounting they handled permitting communications with those guys handling marketing accelerating gassy involved with that financial statements if you want throw that there kind of financial cyst if the officers wanted schematic scenario they wanted whatever would look like based whatever criteria they gave did you interact with North Summit investors would have those interaction principally Robin French Tom Easley when did you leave North Summit North Wind well, never left mean moved over created this entity whenever North Summit seized exist , basically, they may still exist don't know came over created White Top obviously we're getting that want too fast forward just briefly before going back on the narrative are you currently employed consultant consultant whom Yellow Rock you are not an employee Yellow Rock I am are you an employee White Top I am is there consultant company firm which offer your consulting services your personal Halprin consultant Yellow Rock correct do you consult other companies were you ever employed by Yellow Rock White Top Energy were employed by White Top that's correct when your employment with White Top might have been
2022 maybe don't have exact dates sorry it's been several years at least it's been a couple years did you did your employment cease with White Top because they decided to go consultants instead of employees consultant versus instead of an employee were you ever consultant White Top just Yellow Rock well, I would say consultant both companies that makes sense does White Top still exist White Top definitely exists did you have consulting agreement with Yellow Rock what are you can paid consultant started think
750 month then went
9,500 month it's geneos about
12,000 month recently when did it go about
12,000 month September
2025?
think yeah what was the reason increase just there's a lot extra work with the lawsuit having communicate with just various event just various angles I guess it's a lot more messy guess guys created what when did you first become consultant Yellow Rock again we had this question I think it's sometime a couple years
20222023
I believe don't remember okay.
when you ceased being an employee White Top then become consultant Yellow Rock ; is that right that is correct that was transition that is correct okay.
could you tell your responsibilities area of work Yellow Rock evolved these years you've been consultant them well, what we've done created a lot stuff in the cloud which allows , you know, handle payroll handle a lot of the information I can cloud just gave that bred freedom , you know, communicate with Jonathan Love a weekly basis whatever just talk about , you know, we're going this company when you're talking about cloud what do you mean well, like said used have everything hard drive everything stored on-site everything stored into into virtual network that's maybe stored Idaho Iowa I don't know where it's stored what software platform that the VP inthe VPN don't know have outside I T groupIT group (court Reporter clarification.) what is the name you know, can't remember mean give time think about may remember how do you access this cloud storage just into my laptop what types of materials stored that cloud platform software information spreadsheets mean , you know, have drive everything gets stored automatically to the cloud accounting software kind of payroll kind of uhmm insurance communications E-mails they're stored in the cloud do you have do you know whether individuals with Yellow Rock White Top other than yourself access this same cloud think they have access whatever cloud they're setup access do you have like specific Rick Halprin folder where Jonathan Love would have Jonathan Love folder is that how it's organized can't speak anybody else situation call drive everything that drive access the VP inthe VPN it's called drive yes, it's could have been it's are there any other drivers where store your materials none work okay is there folder structure within that drive there's have certain folders there could you describe Yellow Rock folder White Top folder basically, that's , you know, it's like that then within that folders have provided those folders drive to your lawyers connection with this litigation lawyers access my information that I'm aware of okay.
have you been involved personally identifying relevant responsive materials this litigation have okay.
back to your roles responsibilities Yellow Rock consultant whom do you report Jonathan Love said part want to break it down part of your responsibilities payroll did you say that yes.
who is Yellow Rock's payroll field field guys field guys would be advance hill Shannon if you can with request they employees consultants they are employees are there any other employees other than those two individuals Jonathan Love other employees other than Mr. Love field guys there's three employees presently Yellow Rock that is correct okay.
handle payroll those three employees correct do you handle paying other consultants Yellow Rock Yellow Rock's other consultants present-day Brad Brandl would be consultant uhmm Sebastian Garcia once in a while very little uhmm Jennifer Saltsman uhmm energy Mickey geologist there's a lot consultants that are getting paid let's what else Jonathan Love consulting some other things besides being an employee those consultants what Mr. Love paid consultant versus an employee where is the dividing line Yellow Rock White Top consults White Top consults White Top okay.
do you know what the scope of Jonathan loves consulting work White Top okay.
mentioned payroll what other responsibilities do you have consultant Yellow Rock uhmm payables like what example paying outside third-party company whatever they have whether it's going to be chemicals for the field uhmm Internet Internet consultants interests company whatever they call them can't remember name top of my head just basic chemicals water for the field electricity Bill's just normal consultants related this case experts whatever want call them payrolls payables what else financial financial Yellow Rock generating revenue these days right that's right what revenue Yellow Rock generating revenues do you know which wells producing revenue want to say
997 potentially maybe little bit here and there in the
10201030
it's very little approximation how much revenue Yellow Rock generating presently monthly quarterly however understand
15,000 month is that pretty steady it's been steady since a couple you know, since lost a couple of wells what wells did you lose well, think
1030 producing pretty good
1028 producing pretty
997 obviously still producing other than that don't remember rest them what else fits your consulting responsibilities for the company form errs they want information about much late , you know, before doing more proformas maybe what else could you describe jury what pro forma just spreadsheet analysis whatever event want look whether whether it's prior history maybe we'll together and say for instance, Jennifer Saltsman together revervoir engineering report.
wants to know history well history I'll together what well produced what's revenue things like that proformas that you would have created would those be on your hard drive everything hard drive right proformas what else financial statements quarterly what else uhmm sometimes information insurance deal with insurance whether it's health dental property insurance general liability insurance insurance what else whatever structured Jonathan Love said in September
2025 your consulting increased because of increase support work that you had been doing connection with this litigation ; is that right part of it yes.
what sort of work are you doing support this litigation well, there's a lot more invoices a lot more communication with the expert witnesses dealing with Sher Garner communication back and forth whether it's related this consultant approving this what are they doing for the case don't involved in the details just want to know , you know, it's what type of work they are doing I know what category into whether its capital account expense account more financially related have done work relating alleged damages this case
No.
you've done your own calculations have done calculations relating Yellow Rock's allegation that it's been harmed loss money result of Westlake's actions if you had done such work would it be on the hard drive that's where keep everything everything on the hard drive do you interact routinely directly with Sher Garner attorney do you go through Mr. Love

MR. MADIGAN:
Just want to interject -- I don't want to hijack anything -- just want to make sure you don't disclose the substance of anything you talked to B. Bowen about. [REVIEW: verify-agent flag — extensive reconstruction of fragmented attorney colloquy speech with multiple inferred words — reporter confirm]
That's a fair question. Don't expand beyond that.

BY MR. CAUGHEY:

Q. I'm asking for the communication with them -- the answer would be no?
A. Just trying to understand.
Q. With what frequency do you speak with attorneys at the Sher Garner firm?
A. Until this week, probably never.
Q. Fair enough. Are you represented at this deposition by the Sher Garner firm?
A. Yes, I am. That I am aware of.
Q. You are not personally paying their fees, right?
A. That is correct.
Q. Who is paying their fees?
A. Yellow Rock.
Q. Since when have you been represented by Sher Garner?
A. Today.
Q. When did you learn your deposition would be taken?
A. Last week.
Q. What did you do to prepare to give testimony today?
A. Reviewed records with Sher Garner yesterday.
Q. Did Sher Garner provide you the records to review?
A. They were -- they were materials that you had seen before. They were materials I had created.
Q. We may back into your consulting work. I want to back up and talk about White Top. What is White Top?
A. White Top is the parent company of Yellow Rock.
Q. You testified, I think, that White Top was formed in connection with North Summit; is that right?
A. That's right.
Q. Right. And I don't want you to explain -- just tell me the origin of White Top. How was White Top founded?
A. White Top was created solely as a one-field-based organization for the Sulphur Mines acquisition.
Q. Okay. Let's actually then back up a little for context. Do you know when Yellow Rock originated?
A. I don't have to guess -- I don't want that.
Q. Do you know that? When it was founded?
A. [REVIEW: answer unclear — steno fragmentation]
Q. Were you one of the original leaders of Yellow Rock?
A. [REVIEW: answer unclear — steno fragmentation]
Q. Do you know Todd Bertolet?
A. Yes, I've heard that name.
Q. What about Mr. Cox?
A. I've heard that name also.
Q. Do you associate them with Yellow Rock?
A. [REVIEW: answer unclear — steno fragmentation]
Q. How do you associate them with Yellow Rock?
A. They are a company that owned the asset prior.
Q. Okay. Do you have an understanding -- Mr. Cox, Mr. Bertolet -- is it Bertolet? Bertolet?

MR. MADIGAN:
Say Bertolet -- I think it's -- I've heard it both ways.

MR. GARNER:
Don't feel bad about it.
Depends which state you're in. In Mississippi it's Bort-a-lay. In Louisiana it's Bort-a-let.

MR. CAUGHEY:
Clear.

BY MR. CAUGHEY:

anyway do you have understanding
Mr. Cox
Bertolet acquired formed Yellow Rock didn't no, they formed Yellow Rock okay.
understand that Yellow Rock even before involved operations Sulphur Mines dome right yes.
you are not aware of Yellow Rock ever having operations outside of the Sulphur Dome, LLC right correct do you have understanding Yellow Rock acquired its interest Sulphur Mines dome really okay.
when did you first personally intersect with the Sulphur Mines dome when uhmm Tom Easley gave analysis saying here we're looking this acquisition when would that have been
2017
I shall maybe around that time Mr. Easley brought that opportunity to you with analysis what do you recall about that analysis that it producing field in the dome area with okay production good production do you recall your conversation with Mr. Easley around that potential opportunity did you discuss opportunity with French
No.
did you advocate that Mr. Easley pursue transaction with respect to Yellow Rock Sulphur Mines dome didn't identify that opportunity identified opportunity once given reviewed opportunity yes.
weren't one found know that was Mr. Easley that was one gave okay.
tell was there process of due diligence that you were involved from with respect to this potential yes.
describe that went Bertolet office Bertolet whatever Natchez Mississippi reviewed some historical data what type of historical data least operating statements revenue decks show on the decks capital drilling information uhmm agreements they may have back then uhmm electricity contractors whatever they had with Entergy whoever they dealt with just reviewed those wanted what the fixed costs would be what the variable costs potentially could be over time what their cashflow doing on the field things like that what was your take away from that due diligence that it a profitable field profitable profitable yes.
those diligence materials agreements decks those still materials that Yellow Rock possession I believe somewhere storage there may be hard copy someplace where does Yellow Rock maintain hard copy storage I don't know no idea don't work that office what office Houston office okay.
do you understand their to be hard copy documents stored in the Houston office wouldn't know were there ever hard copy documents stored in the Houston office to your recollection yes.
okay recently when talking about this acquisition sorry hard copies we've hard copies lots things what are talking about copies insurance premium notices what are talking about well, haven't been in the office don't know I'm just trying to get an understanding of I don't know, let's say the last time that you were in Yellow Rock's Houston office.
were there hard copy file storage there was file cabinets when would that have been approximately?
'22 maybe right let's go back Yellow Rock acquisition some due diligence spoke with Mr. Easley about opportunity did you speak with French about the opportunity did you speak with Bertolet about the opportunity never spoke with Bertolet decision was made obviously proceed with that acquisition opportunity right were you involved making that decision other than your due diligence involved in the final decisions , no Tom Easley Robin French okay.
once that decision was made what happened what happened next then I believe we had an agreement with Bertolet some seismic data okay.
objective raise money into agreement this that same 2017-2018 period?
2017-2018 correct said there were two Aspect's of that one shoot additional seismic ; is that right yes.
describe that well, an operational mean don't know they just they send equipment in the field they bounce things around they look data I'm not familiar with that process to be honest with you I apologize wasn't asking for the technical Aspect's of the seismic asking let's say your responsibility to hire seismic company Tom Easley involved ever Aspect of the seismic okay.
what was your involvement just on the money Bill's okay Bill's do you remember who shot seismic purpose of the seismic help solicit investment this enterprise purpose of the seismic better understanding what's underneath ground fair enough did say mention minute two about trying to solicit investment this company right White Top correct okay.
around the time of this opportunity pursue purchase Yellow Rock White Top formed right White Top Oil & Gas there's multiple White Top entities right two.
White Top Energy White Top Oil & Gas White Top White Top Energy what relationship between those two companies White Top was created fund seismic uhmm things like that that I am aware of yeah initial they were initial company they may even don't know don't know they were the ones that actually signed agreement with Yellow Rock then what said White Top Oil & Gas funded seismic original entity what's White Top Energy White Top Energy created after we were able come an agreement final agreement I believe with Yellow Rock okay.
there was final agreement executed right correct connection with that agreement what asset White Top acquire some hundred acres in the Sulphur Mines along with whatever producing wells an equipment were already location White Top anyone from the prior Yellow Rock original Yellow Rock White Top Yellow Rock come over White Top with that acquisition yes.
uhmm there were they had field employees there were three field employees uhmm Shannon who is still there Hayward Davis also pumper another gentleman superintendent can't remember name offhand supervisor of the two guys also think lived Mississippi moving back and forth moving back and forth from the field you became White Top I became White Top Energy credit credit right did you become employed White Top Energy were you still employed by North Summit there was no North Summit activity North Summit regardless what corporate structure North Summit business become dormant White Top dormant yes.
North Summit nothing mean there's no connection between the two.
just people just fact there's overlap of you Mr. Easley French right okay.
North Summit seized doing business fair to say fair to say mean sill E-mails fair still stopped doing business with North Summit that's what you're asking yes.
White Top throughout its existence has been percent focused on the assets Sulphur Mines dome right that's their only edict one field company they have other did you sit on the Board of directors White Top do you know I can name there's about four individuals please give their names think Tom Easley uhmm potentially Jonathan Love may have been on the board there's an attorney Denver don't remember name on the board there's two attorneys I don't know their names don't remember their names okay.
White Top did you Mr. Easley French White Top raise additional capital from investors connection with this White Top acquisition raised money initially White Top Oil & Gas about three and a half million dollar did you personally money into this company do you know how much money French Mr. Easley into company raised three-and-a-half million additional dollars do you recall any of the investors vestedinvested that raise well, Revenant Signal three or four different investors a couple of about it coinBitCoin guys from Michigan area just call them about it coin guys don't remember their names . You know,
250,000 they were small also investors from New York Steve Derby he had entity there there's another remember these investors death holders three-and-a-half million equity okay.
some point Jonathan Barrett's Luminus Sunny Solar become lender to the company correct that is correct when did you first meet Mr. Barrett that's good question didn't have personal relationship with Mr. Barrett didn't really meet Mr. Barrett potentially year after he in the office like
2020 maybe
1920.

MR. GARNER:
1920.
20192020
don't remember what year well after we already closed acquisition wasn't communication with Mr. Barrett do you know who White Top relationship with Mr. Barrett Tom Easley Robin French when Mr. Barrett company begin provide financing White Top

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form. [REVIEW: verify-agent flag — declining to add 'Go ahead' with a [REVIEW] flag is appropriate but the correction leaves the line incomplete; should either include 'Go ahead' or flag the whole item — reporter confirm] [REVIEW: verify-agent flag — 'object to the form' normalized to 'Objection to form' drops 'the'; if witness/attorney actually said 'object to the form' that should be preserved per KB-010 — reporter confirm] Go ahead.

A. Well, when we closed deal with what Yellow Rock guys that would have been 2018 is it? I believe that they seed money from how much Luminus invest that point want to say close million could have been in that range that was
2018 connection with that purchase that was that's correct might have been
10,000 number number whatever number don't know exact numbers right that Debtor equity investment that was debt investment with the option convert were you involved from negotiating that investment
2018?
Mr. Easley French Mr. Easley said that you didn't actually meet Mr. Barrett until at least a couple years later right yeah don't remember meeting mean wouldn't be able pick out of crowd if he walked you're familiar with the entity called Luminus right familiar yes.
you're also familiar with entity called Sunny Solar; is that right right what's the relationship between those two entities to the best of your knowledge

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form; foundation. [AUDIO: whisper heard "All objections except to the form we preserve." — verify]

A. Sunny Solar subsidiary group that Luminus used involved in the acquisition handing what's been marked Exhibit No.
we'll review documents today feel free familiarize yourself with them then I'll ask you questions
(Whereupon, Exhibit No. 236, was
marked for Identification.) [REVIEW: verify-agent flag — line break insertion within parenthetical markup changes the R8-protected formatting; should preserve verbatim as found — reporter confirm]

MR. GARNER:
thanks bringing extra copies Ryan Rene

MR. CAUGHEY:
best actually I had have them printed yesterday because they screwed
(Witness peruses document.)

BY MR. CAUGHEY:

sorry whoever handling exhibits this is Bates labeled
325674.
right Exhibit No.
236 an E-mail that you received sent by Mr. Easley 25th
2017 right yes.
subject line Storm Harbour Securities [REVIEW: steno duplication — "Storm Harbour Securities" appears twice; verify audio] K why credit [CORRECTED: "K why credit" — likely steno artifact for "KYC"] KYC Diligence Information" do you see that (Witness peruses document.) who is Storm Harbour Securities well, during process I believe stone harbor [REVIEW: witness said "stone harbor" — possible reference to Storm Harbour Securities; transcribed verbatim per KB-010] company that I tried contact directly company sure that's exact name it's been while there was company that I tried contact directly funding this acquisition okay.
Mr. Easley writes you'll Rick responses to information requests set forth below annotated here in attached do you see that yes.
he's directing this to you was there some sort of information request that Storm Harbour [CORRECTED: "storm harbor" → "Storm Harbour" per case glossary] company that was this they wanted to know they were dealing with Storm Harbour [CORRECTED: "storm harbor" → "Storm Harbour" per case glossary] investing?
have an Rhalprin@nsummitllc E-mail address do you see that (Witness peruses document.) back then yes.
Mr. Easley French also ummit .com [AUDIO: whisper heard "And here is an email that you send with an interest calculation for the original" — verify] E-mail address es; is that right? [AUDIO: audio check heard "And here is an email that you send with an interest calculation for the original" — verify]
that is correct when did you cease using that E-mail address some point yes.
when?
percent, don't remember there's 98 percent probably wiped off in wipe out. [REVIEW: "there's 98 percent" — unclear testimony; possible steno fragmentation — verify audio]
there have been occasions they may have used don't know have been cc'd [CORRECTED: "cc:'d" → "cc'd" — standard usage] I don't know do you still have access that E-mail account do you know when you most recently
20222021 [REVIEW: "20222021" — appears to be steno collision of two years; witness may have said "2022" or "2021" — verify audio]
it's one of those years if you turn to the attachment there is White Top Oil & Gas company overview uh-huh those individuals in the table the key individuals were originally associated with White Top Oil & Gas correct

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form. [CORRECTED: "object to form" → "Objection to form." per KB-001 and Louisiana standard] Go ahead. [CORRECTED: moved to own line per Muir house style Section 10] (Witness peruses document.) it appears to be yes.
did your role controller bring witness different responsibilities than your role same responsibilities there is paragraph below that table last sentence says managing general partners operating affiliate operators retains under subcontractor arrangement personnel keeps going who is operators I don't know don't know who is managing general partner White Top never heard that term used White Top are the members White Top down Robin French I assume Tom Easley wouldn't now the members weren't a member of the member right you can that away do you know if the folks I guess would have been North Summit North Wind reviewed seismic connection with the diligence for the Yellow Rock opportunity that
20172018 period  say it one more time sorry sure to be more precise here testified that Yellow Rock sorry that White Top shot new seismic connection with acquisition right that's correct there was also existing seismic data Yellow Rock right didn't know okay you don't know review seismic part of the diligence process that transaction
2017?

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form; foundation. Go ahead.
A. I don't know. Don't know in terms of corporate structure. White Top became sole -- White Top who owned Yellow Rock? White Top. White Top Energy. White Top Energy is the parent company of Yellow Rock. They're [AUDIO: whisper heard "Whitetop, who owned Yellow Rock?" — verify] owner of Yellow Rock. Yes.
Q. Have they always been [AUDIO: whisper heard "Yes, what was do you recall what this reclassification of the yellow rock invest" — verify] owner? I mean, Yellow Rock -- this Yellow Rock? Yes.
A. Prior Yellow Rock with Bertolet, I don't know. Owned that since -- since acquisition -- since the acquisition in 2018 -- that's right -- White Top has been [AUDIO: whisper heard "Since the acquisition in 2018." — verify] owner of Yellow Rock. True. We had been parent company of Yellow Rock. That's true. [AUDIO: whisper heard "Since the acquisition in 2018." — verify].
Q. That structure set up -- for instance, didn't North Summit just buy Yellow Rock -- this White Top structure set up?
A. Sorry. Asked multiple questions. Which question do you want to know? Sure. Sorry. I think I understand. Corporate structure -- that was set up -- y'all that way -- did you -- Mr. Easley -- French setup -- White Top owner of Yellow Rock --

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection; form; foundation. Go ahead.
A. Three -- I think -- liability issue. The operators on-site dealing with wells -- that's Yellow Rock. The White Top in good [AUDIO: whisper heard "Do you know whether individuals with Yellow Rock or White Top," — verify] L.C.
Q. [AUDIO: whisper heard "The Whitetop NGLC is not involved in the wells." — verify] NGLC involved in the wells?
A. They're parent company. Most companies there's always structural buffer potentially. The insurance companies probably know that. About how much -- initial investors -- were there -- White Top initial investors prior -- close or after -- right -- saying back 2018 so.
Q. Investors -- debt holders -- either -- don't separate them if you can.
A. Probably five or six investors. I mean, have list -- top of my head I would say five or six. Rest -- debt -- debt holders -- debt holders.
Q. Was there any valuation work done -- Yellow Rock -- time -- like corporate valuation -- Yellow Rock or its assets?
A. That I am aware of -- has there ever been valuation performed -- Yellow Rock -- that I am aware of -- has there ever been valuation -- Yellow Rock's assets -- that you are aware of -- that I am aware of.
Q. Was there implied valuation from the capital raise back 2018?

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form; foundation. Go ahead.
Q. Repeat that one more time. Was there applied [REVIEW: witness/attorney used "applied" then corrected to "implied" — verify which was spoken; transcribed as spoken below] valuation -- was there implied valuation -- connection with the capital raise -- that 2017-2018 period?

MR. MADIGAN:
Same [REVIEW: objection basis not completed — steno gap; possibly "same objection" — verify audio].
A. Valuation would be what -- paid -- time -- what did you -- time -- think -- paid -- close -- around [AUDIO: whisper heard "Close around $8.7 million." — verify] million.
Q. Principally responsible -- company -- investor relations -- Mr. Easley -- Tom Easley -- Robin French -- want to talk initially -- then -- about the period -- three -- I think you'll understand -- from the White Top acquisition 2018 through -- there was restructuring -- sort of -- I guess -- Luminus took over 2021. Do you recall?

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form; foundation.

BY MR. CAUGHEY:

Q. Just trying to sort of get my bearings here. Okay. Do you understand -- 2021 -- there was restructuring where Luminus became owner of the company?

MR. MADIGAN:
Same [REVIEW: objection basis not completed — steno gap].
A. Owner -- principal -- Debtor -- they were never owner. They became principal equity owner -- that time -- yes.
Q. After they converted, yes.
A. 2021 -- Luminus convert -- debt -- to become principal equity owner. That's correct.

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form; foundation. Go ahead.

MR. CAUGHEY: If you could let me get my question out.

MR. MADIGAN: Yeah, because he's jumping right in.

MR. CAUGHEY: Yeah.

MR. MADIGAN: I'll raise my hand.

MR. CAUGHEY: Don't raise your hand. Give half -- clip your attorney. I'll interrupt anybody. I'll just -- again.

BY MR. CAUGHEY:

Q. In 2021, Luminus, which is the principal debt holder, converted to become the principal equity owner of Yellow Rock; right?

MR. MADIGAN: Objection to form; foundation.

A. Yes.

Q. Okay. I want to focus first on the period before that happened, from 2018 to 2021. Uh-huh. [REVIEW: "uh-huh" here appears to be witness acknowledgment mid-question — verify speaker attribution] The management team during that -- yourself, Mr. Easley, French, Steve Burke -- you can go through this list. Gave -- okay.

Q. It's the folks on that list from Exhibit 236?

A. [REVIEW: no answer recorded — verify audio]

Q. They were the key employees; right?

A. Okay.

Q. Have you ever sat on the Board of White Top? Yellow Rock? Are you familiar with a company called Lillian?

A. Yes.

Q. What is Lillian?

A. I believe it's a trucking company. They're an investor in Yellow Rock -- White Top -- I don't know. Okay.

Q. Other than being a trucking company, do you know anything else about Lillian?

A. Nope.

Q. Okay. Are you familiar with an entity called Black Box?

A. [REVIEW: no answer recorded — verify audio]

Q. What is Black Box?

A. They were one of the original groups that invested in the seismic data shoot. The seismic shoot -- back whenever the seismic shoot was done, they were an investor back in that 2016 period.

Q. Correct. Do you know how much they invested?

A. I can make a guess. Rather don't know exactly. It's north of $800,000.

Q. Does Black Box currently own any of Yellow Rock -- White Top? Do you know individuals affiliated with Black Box anymore?

A. No.

Q. Do you recall who they were then?

A. Alex Walsh. Only one I know.

Q. Alex Walsh. Okay. Did you ever have a personal relationship with Walsh?

A. I had played golf with him one time when he came to town. Other than that -- then.

Q.  Did investigator Walsh have a substantive role in White Rock -- Yellow Rock -- ever?

A. [REVIEW: no answer recorded — verify audio]

Q. Do you still maintain a relationship with French?

A. [REVIEW: no answer recorded — verify audio]

Q. Do you still maintain a relationship with Mr. Easley?

A. [REVIEW: no answer recorded — verify audio]

Q. I assume that you still don't maintain a relationship with Bertolet -- Mr. Cox?

A. [REVIEW: no answer recorded — verify audio]

Q. Sounds like you don't have a present relationship with Mr. Barrett -- [REVIEW: "Barrett" appears here but may be "Bertolet" or different individual — verify audio] -- who, you know, worked for the company. Have Yellow Rock been -- [REVIEW: grammatical fragment — possible "How has Yellow Rock been"] -- doing previously -- prior to the transaction -- financially?

MR. MADIGAN: Objection to form. Go ahead.

A. Previous to 2021 -- sorry -- 2018 transaction. I know you said you were going to focus post-2018.

Q. I lied. Before 2018, leading up to the transaction --

MR. GARNER: Hold on. At least you're honest about [AUDIO: whisper heard "We'll call on him and say, at least you're honest with us." — verify]

BY MR. CAUGHEY:

Q. Best -- leading to the transaction in 2018, what's your recollection of Yellow Rock's business?

A. Performing well. Didn't drill wells. Were doing a lot of preliminary work to set up a drilling program. Thought that you could -- Mr. Easley, French, your team -- could do better than Bertolet -- Mr. Cox -- had done with that asset.

Q. Fair to say?

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form.

I had no knowledge one way or the other where -- we'd better -- well, were involved in the due diligence, said went out, looked books, looked financial, that you had no view through could perform better financially than the prior owners could.

Well, it depends on your capitalization, doesn't it.

There was effort to obtain capitalization for the company initially from investors, right?

Correct.

Were there any additional capital raises other than the initial one that --

2018 to 2021?

Period. Capital raises, borrowing money. Let's start with raising equity capital first, then borrowing money. Capital raises, okay.

What about debt? What about borrowing? [AUDIO: whisper heard "Okay. What about debt? What about borrowing money?" — verify] Debt increased --

Six or seven million, that from Luminus Sunny Solar, yes.

Remind -- may have said -- do you recall what original debt [REVIEW: "debt death debt" — steno artifact; transcribed as "debt"] -- Sunny Solar or Luminus --

2018?

Want to say -- could be close -- million.

12.1 million, thereabouts, another six or seven added on top of that during that period?

That's correct. That debt raised -- drilling activity.

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form; foundation. Go ahead.

Yes.

As a general matter, did Yellow Rock perform financially that --

2018 to 2021 period?

As a general matter?

Poorly. Very poorly, right?

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form. Go ahead.

Poorly.

Did any of the investors make a return on their capital?

No.

What was the reason for the poor performance?

Well, we were undercapitalized initially. Totally undercapitalized. I mean, needed -- in my opinion, since you're asking -- I would say need another million started -- number -- [AUDIO: audio check heard "I mean, we needed, in my opinion, if you're asking me, I'd say we needed another" — verify] No. Two, we had a dysfunctional group that couldn't figure out within themselves. There was a lot of infighting. Didn't feel comfortable with that. That hurt progress going forward. Those are the things that I think -- turns -- we had some issues with the technical operation team that [REVIEW: "stuck" — possibly "struck" or witness said "stuck"; transcribed verbatim. Verify audio.] We had some issues with some of the drilling so that created an -- offer -- [AUDIO: whisper heard "I mean, we needed, in my opinion, if you're asking me, I'd say we needed another" — verify] Over budget, over expenditures, budgets.

Let's break that down a little bit. The first thing you said was we were totally undercapitalized and that right from the beginning, right?

That was my personal opinion.

Was there an attempt right from the beginning to raise that additional -- three -- I think you said $10 million -- the company would have needed?

Uhm, there was --

Did you voice that opinion back in 2018?

Initially, yes.

[REVIEW: next line — apparent steno fragment "rejected they were running show"; may be witness testimony or colloquy. Transcribed verbatim below. Verify audio.]

Rejected. They were running the show, okay.

What do you think the company could have done with that additional $10 million capital?

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form. Go ahead.

From experience, we could have drilled more wells.

How many wells, if you recall, did Yellow Rock drill that --

2018 to 2021 period?

Four wells. They perform -- some good, some overall poorly.

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form.

BY MR. CAUGHEY:

Q. Right. Are you asking -- question -- sorry. Yes.
A. Overall, they performed poorly; right? Group -- group -- they performed under expectations.
Q. Now, second thing -- said that you had a dysfunctional group.
A. Yes.
Q. What -- good -- good group -- geology, geophysical -- what made it dysfunctional?
A. Uhmm, there was just a lack of salt dome expertise, I believe, in the head geologist, which was Patricia Henderson -- what else -- lead geologist.
Q. Okay.
A. And there was some jobs -- came -- they went here -- have geologist on the team, then they are no longer there. Do you start over? Do you pick up their work? There was just a lot of things -- somebody sick during process, they left, some were -- directions -- think poor -- I mean, that's my opinion.
Q. Else on the team?
A. Uhmm, after the fact we had Brad Brandl assisting Patricia Henderson, then eventually John Miller came -- involved with the infighting that you referenced -- think Patricia with everybody.
Q. Also said there was some issues with the technical operation. What was that?
A. Well, we had drill wells that were, uhmm, you know, missed their spots, you know, they didn't follow what we had planned -- doing things like that. That's my understanding. You know, wasn't on the -- anything like that.
Q. Result -- that expenditures stripped revenue that the company bringing?
A. Right.
Q. Expenditures stripped budget?
A. [REVIEW: PUNCTUATION — steno fragmentation prevents confident ruling]
Q. What was your role setting the budget?
A. My role -- create a budget based on the information that was given by the engineers. Only thing -- play to the budget -- maybe insurance.
Q. Did you -- analysis -- point -- going through your whole time with White Top, was it ever part of your responsibility to analyze reserves, reserve reports, that sort of thing?
A. That would have been other folks -- geologist within the company. Well, didn't have -- geophysicist came after the fact. Think Jennifer Saltsman on the second team. Only reservoir engineer we had -- needed a reservoir engineer, didn't have one.
Q. Anyone that worked that
2018 -- 2021 period professionally?
A. We had a part-time college student that was maybe preparing
PHDwin -- that's a reservoir engineering deal -- given somebody else. There was no reservoir engineering analysis done to my knowledge.

MR. CAUGHEY:
I'm going to grab a document -- maybe we'll take our first break of the day.

MR. MADIGAN:
Sure.

MR. GARNER:
Sounds good.

THE VIDEOGRAPHER:
We are off the record. The time is 10:23 a.m.
(Recess.)

THE VIDEOGRAPHER:
We are back on the record. The time is 10:38 a.m.

BY MR. CAUGHEY:

Q. Handing you what's been marked Exhibit No. 237. Exhibit No. 237 bears Bates label --

MR. MADIGAN:
Thank you.

MR. GARNER:
Thank you so much.

BY MR. CAUGHEY:

Q. Take a moment to familiarize yourself.
(Witness peruses document.)
A. Right.
Q. This is a letter that you wrote to someone named -- isn't that right -- one of your best friends, who is Mark?
A. He's just one of my best friends. He works with a small private equity group in Florida.
Q. What's his last name?
A. [REVIEW: witness did not provide last name — steno unclear]
Q. Come -- credit this letter -- you're proposing that Ark Invest in White Top, right?
A. That is correct.
Q. This is from back in that 2017-2018 period, the initial investment in the Yellow Rock purchase, right?
(Witness peruses document.)
A. The date on here -- sure, okay.
Q. This letter describes to Mark kind of the investment thesis -- it would make sense to invest in White Top, right?
A. That is correct.
Q. Do you have an understanding that this is from sometime other than 2017-2018?
A. Okay.
Q. Did you accept -- did you make communications like this to other potential investors?
A. One or two, potentially. I don't remember. If you have a document, I'll review them. I reached out to Cole  because he was a friend of mine -- friend of yours -- friend of mine. I know he worked with a small group in private equity.
Q. They were mostly more into lending than anything else?
A. Okay.
Q. You say, "Mark, attached for your review is the overall concept on the -- " [AUDIO: whisper heard "on the exploitation of the White Top field in Louisiana." — verify] exploitation of the White Top field, Louisiana. Do you see that?
A. Right.
Q. Were you saying White Top was referring to the Sulphur Dome -- you didn't want to disclose the field?
A. Okay.
Q. Continue -- you say, "Acquired rights to take over operations from the current operator" -- that outfit that's referring to Bertolet? [REVIEW: verify-agent flag — "Bertolet" proper noun spelling is assumed; if not confirmed in glossary, should flag for verification — reporter confirm]
MR. COX:
Yes.
Q. In exchange for delayed payment and an overriding royalty interest, Bertolet --
MR. COX:
-- would retain, yes. They would -- delayed payment. Is that -- does that mention the timing of the payment?
MR. COX:
Can I -- one thing? Of course.
A. Sure. Bertolet -- I'm not sure. Their company retained an override. I'm not sure who obtained that override individually.
[REVIEW: "HERE*." — steno artifact, exact source unclear; appears to mark a location in the document being reviewed; verify.]
Q. What company -- do you recall they had a name?
A. I don't remember the specific company name. They had an override. They didn't name individuals.
Q. Then the next sentence references "our team." That -- remember -- is the name Patricia -- was that the person?
A. Well, it depends on when this was written. Could have been Steve Wipple -- people like that -- maybe Patricia. I don't know.
Q. It says that the team previously evaluated this asset when they were with a large independent company -- their company bought it prior to them executing the [AUDIO: whisper heard "when they were with the large independent company," — verify] exploitation plan. Do you recall what that was discussing?
A. Referring -- if I had to guess, it's Steve Wippel's outfit. You know? I think -- I think.
I don't remember. You know, I brought a lot -- brought a lot of data. Could have been that. Could have been that particular field. Could have been locked in. But I think -- he had brought -- Steve Wippel brought a lot -- the Napoleon deal prior to this.
He brought a lot of fields -- a lot of potential deals. I didn't look at a percent of them. I know I had active deals. This potentially could have been talking about the time -- Burlington, I guess. He worked there. If he worked in Florida -- I think it was Florida Gas. I'm not sure that was a predecessor to Burlington. I know he worked in Florida, right.
Q. The next paragraph -- you go on to describe some of the performance of the current operator. Do you see that?
A. Uhmm -- which paragraph?
Q. The one that starts "current operator."
A. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Q. It mentions the current operator drilled and worked over a couple of wells that generated millions during high prices. Do you see that?
A. That's correct.
Q. "Currently field only producing 65 MBO" -- 65 barrels a day -- that's what that refers to?
A. That's correct.
Q. You viewed that as something that you could do better -- you could produce a lot more than 65 MBO -- 65 barrels a day -- from this field?
A. Yes.
Q. It continues: "Our agreements includes doing 3,000-plus acre seismic shoot." That's the seismic work that you referenced earlier today, right?
A. [REVIEW: no verbal answer recorded — steno suggests witness answered non-verbally; attorney prompted for verbal answer] Answer verbally, or else she's going to have trouble. Sorry.
Q. All good. Then you say in the next paragraph, "Because of the lack of current production, our management -- realizing that trying to find investors to fund the whole project is a little aggressive thinking -- believe the best way to achieve success is to drill one to three wells initially." Do you see that?
(Witness peruses document.)
A. Yes.
Q. Is that the approach that was taken?
A. No.
Q. What -- how did that differ from the approach that was taken?
A. We didn't drill wells until after we closed the acquisition.
Q. Okay. I said -- I think you said that you ended up drilling four wells in that transaction, after the -- after the deal closed. You say in the next paragraph, "You know, having reviewed -- background having reviewed the files, I found that this is -- able type reserves with cashflow [AUDIO: whisper heard "Could you briefly describe for me your professional career after leaving the Uni" — verify] that being -- fund future drilling of the field over 5,000 barrels a day." Do you see that?
A. That's correct.
Q. That level of production -- seven -- that didn't happen in that 2018-2021 period, right?
A. [REVIEW: witness answer not clearly captured — steno fragmentation]
Q. Never happened later, either, did it? What is the maximum daily production that the Yellow Rock field reached?

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form, foundation. [AUDIO: whisper heard "All objections except to the form we preserve." — verify]

Go ahead.

A. I don't remember. Could have been close to 800,000. I don't remember exactly what they -- do you ever recall getting over a thousand barrels a day? I think close. I think so.

Q. Now, the next paragraph talks about Black Box -- that sunk most of their available funds into -- [REVIEW: partial sentence — steno fragmentation, verify audio] -- portion need defined investors -- all of us to the next level. Do you see that?

(Witness peruses document.)

A. Yes.

Q. And that Black Box invested two-and-a-half million in the field, right?

A. Right.

Q. That White Top Oil and Gas Group  has another two million in the project. Do you see that?

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form.

A. That continues.

Q. [REVIEW: speaker attribution unclear — steno fragmentation] "The idea would be to bring in investors -- $400,000 each." Do you see that? [REVIEW: preceding word "coal" — possible steno artifact, verify audio] Investing in this project. Then it says that paragraph ends with: "Truthfully, about two-and-a-half million will" -- [REVIEW: sentence fragment — steno fragmentation, verify audio] -- "on your face, one program completed, six wells." Do you see that?

Q. Yellow Rock, during this period, never beyond Phase I, right?

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form, foundation.

Go ahead.

A. Yes, they eventually -- three, I think. If you do the math, as I said before, that Luminus -- Sunny Solar committed about a million during that period. That financing to the company -- when all was said and done, right -- they through that period with that level of capital commitment [REVIEW: verify-agent flag — "they through that period" with [REVIEW flag] is appropriately flagged but transcribing as-is while flagged introduces uncertainty; audio check essential before finalizing — reporter confirm], only four wells were able to be drilled. Well, we had to pay for the field -- a million plus -- legal, this, that -- a million -- we had -- we're done.

Q. How much?

A. Eight or nine million.

Q. Eight or nine million?

A. Counting over how long?

Q. Four or five years.

A. Three or four years. Didn't reach that objective -- that's what you're saying?

Q. [REVIEW: question/answer attribution unclear — steno fragmentation]

A. The reason -- again, I think I gave the reason -- needed a million more dollars, infighting, some technical reasons. These were opinions when I wrote this letter that I felt we needed more money. This wasn't discussed with the other management. [REVIEW: "uhmm" — filler re [REVIEW: verify-agent flag — removing 'uhmm' filler is a default Layer 6 rule but 'uhmm' may be part of witness's deliberate pause/hesitation that affects meaning perception — reporter confirm]moved] I felt like we needed that. We drilled -- our team drilled some mistakes, two or three mistakes. We had a couple good wells, by the way -- wasn't just wells --

A. [REVIEW: "1030" — possible exhibit number, Bates reference, or steno artifact — verify audio] Good well anyway. Infighting with the geology.

Q. I agree with [REVIEW: word missing — steno fragmentation] of that that you just said. How many wells did you anticipate drilling during that period between 2018 [and] 2021? [REVIEW: verify-agent flag — bracketing '[and]' as reporter-supplied word when the steno clearly shows '20182021' concatenation requires audio to confirm whether 'and' was actually spoken — reporter confirm]

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form; foundation. Go ahead.

A. Well, initial proformas were — would drill — were funded correctly — were going to drill one well, one well every month, every other month. Was going to be a lot of wells, dozens of wells, right? Potentially could be nine, 10, 11 wells a year potentially.

A. Maybe a little less than a dozen.

Q. If you turn to the second page, it starts saying total cost to kickoff drilling program about $1.237 million. Do you see that?

A. Yes.

Q. That — that calculation that you did?

A. Don't remember.

Q. Okay. Were there work papers in connection with this sort of analysis or funding that you remember?

A. [AUDIO: audio check heard "with the ability to debt out one or two other wells" — verify] Then in the next paragraph it said idea of drilling two to three wells with the ability — [AUDIO: whisper heard "with the ability to debt out one or two other wells" — verify] one or two other wells — important to prove concept of this program before committing to the other plus wells identified. Do you see that?

A. Then it says parenthetical — initial program drilling locations were identified before recent seismic shoot processing data. Do you see that?

Q. That idea then — eventually drill more than the wells on this asset, right?

A. Would think that would be a correct statement.

Q. Okay. How many wells ultimately were drilled, if you take all the way through to the present?

A. Five. [REVIEW: "mbofive" appears twice — steno artifact; confirm witness said only "five" or if MBO or other term was spoken] Five.

Q. Is the four wells during the 2017–2018 [REVIEW: "2021" appears mid-line without context — verify whether witness said "through 2021" or separate answer; verify audio] period — one more?

A. Right. Correct.

Q. Now, end of this paragraph that I am reading from says: "Initial investors will have their investments secured by the reserves of the wells drilled and completed plus potential warrants or options through Alex entities, Black Box/Lithium Exploration Group" — another vehicle — "Walsh." I believe — do you know — did Lithium ever invest in White Top?

A. I believe through Black Box they — through Alex.

Q. Okay. When you started with White Top back in 2018, when the transaction closed, did you believe that you had the right team — management team — in place to profitably exploit the asset purchased?

A. Didn't — wasn't that familiar with the team. Thought the management team had experience. I mean, Robin French had done this for many years. I had experience doing this.  Very intelligent individual. We had worked with some drilling guys before. Felt like, based on the shallow risk reserves, multi-stack, that we had the ability — this, yes.

Q. You say — you say in the last paragraph — you say, looking at the second sentence: "This rare opportunity to exploit shallow reserves with operating finding costs" — experienced geological team with thorough knowledge of these particular sands — that experienced geologically, think Steve Wipple [REVIEW: "Wipple" — possible steno error for proper name; verify spelling against glossary or case materials] — and then you say: "Have the leases, the drilling expertise and the operational group ready to kick off this enormous project." And then you say: "I will — currently heading these efforts." What efforts were you personally going to be heading?

A. This is — give comfort. This is a friend. I wanted to make sure that he's going to invest money — going to make sure that money is well spent. Sure, that was the question.

Q. What efforts were you personally heading?

A. With that, same — uhmm — efforts that I've been doing since I've been there. More financial related.

Q. Well, I mean, you say "these efforts" — and the prior sentence refers to drilling expertise and operational group — were you giving [REVIEW: "cola SHURNS" / "SHURNS" — steno artifact; heard as "Cole assurances" per context — Mr. Cole assurances] Mr. Cole assurances that you would be responsible for safeguarding and advancing his investment? Right? What efforts were you heading?

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form. Asked and answered. You can answer. I'm sorry.

BY MR. CAUGHEY:
Just going to make sure -- that money was there -- were going to -- money to drill wells. Then later in that sentence you say that would provide --

[REVIEW: PUNCTUATION — steno fragmentation prevents confident ruling on quote introduction]
-- quoting --
"monthly updates, quarterly reports, distributions to our investor group."

Do you see that?

(Witness peruses document.)

A. Yes.

Q. Were those monthly and quarterly reports provided to investors, this investor -- investors?

A. White Top provided monthly information to our -- umm -- royalty owners. [We] provide quarterly reports. Tomorrow Robin sent stuff to their investors.
[REVIEW: "Tomorrow Robin" — unclear. Possible steno error for a name or phrase. Verify audio.]

Q. Did that reporting to investors continue after the 2021 restructure?

A. I don't know.

Q. You don't know where investor reporting continued -- in the sense that's right -- after 2021?

A. Before -- okay.
[REVIEW: PUNCTUATION — steno fragmentation; "Before -- okay." may be incomplete answer. Verify audio.]

Q. Who would have been responsible for that investor report?

A. Tom Easley.

Q. What about after 2021?

A. Jonathan Love.

Q. Would you have been copied on those investor communications?

A. Investor communications were sent -- information -- we would send them information. Definitely copied from one investor only.

Q. What do you mean -- were definitely copied -- I don't understand that answer.

A. Luminus [was] only one [to] accept information on a quarterly basis.
[REVIEW: "accept information" — possible steno error for "receive information" or similar. Transcribed as heard; verify audio.]

Q. There were other investors, right?

A. There were. Often they receive information -- that was done through Jonathan Love.

Q. What about before 2021?

A. Tom Easley. There was communications done through Tom Easley.

Q. Would you have been copied on those communications?

A. Sometimes. Would assume. Would -- don't know.

Q. Okay. Until 2021, Tom Easley principally responsible for White Top investor communications -- fair?

A. Absolutely.

Q. After 2021, Mr. Love principally responsible for Yellow Rock -- sorry -- White Top investor communications, right?

A. Primarily, yes.

Q. Anyone else involved?

A. We had a raise -- would send letters and say -- Jonathan Love would write up -- write-up -- either would send -- would send, "Here's a raise, have opportunity to participate." Mostly done through Jonathan Love. Now, send maybe a stock certificate, some kind of financial stuff after the fact. Think I said this before -- K-1's -- and think I said this before, I apologize, retreading.

Q. During that 2018 to 2021 period, other than the initial raise, White Top didn't raise additional equity capital, right?

A. That's correct.

Q. Only additional debt from Luminus and Sunny Solar, right?

A. Well, it's not a raise. Yes, received some financing through debt note -- hand -- what's marked Exhibit No. --
[REVIEW: "hand" — unclear. Possible steno error or truncated speech. Verify audio.]

(Whereupon, Exhibit No. 238, was marked for Identification.)

(Witness peruses document.)

MR. MADIGAN:
Thanks.

BY MR. CAUGHEY:

let me know when you're ready.
(Witness peruses document.)
Right before that, did White Top obtain additional equity funding -- financing during that 2018 to 2021 period?
I don't know. Did it do debt financing from a source other than Luminus or Sunny Solar during that period?
Aware? Okay.
Weren't you personally involved in those efforts?
None that I -- document No. [REVIEW: steno fragmentation — verify intended response here]
238 includes a description of the history of the White Top field, a description of the business plan, proposed business plan, right?
Uh-huh.
First paragraph says: "Bryce Bryson -- Geotomogeo -- [REVIEW: company name unclear — steno fragmentation; verify audio] team worked with Burlington. What's that referring to?
Bryson -- the name of the company, I think Steve Wipple's company. Okay.
Near the end of that paragraph there is a sentence that says: "The only external report ordered by Yellow Rock is the 2007 Veazey reserve engineering report." Do you see that?
(Witness peruses document.)
Yes.
Is that a document you're familiar with?
I've -- I have seen that document.
Describe the context in which that document -- somebody showed you the document?
Looked at the document.
Do you remember when that was?
Well, it's a report. Uhmm, I don't remember.
Hard copy or electronic?
Hard copy.
No recollection of even approximately how long ago that you saw it?
None.
Do you recall anything that that report showed?
No.
Then in the business plan, you say -- the document says: "Budget consists of three phases." Do you see that?
(Witness peruses document.)
Was there a budget that incorporated three phases of expenditures at White Top?
[REVIEW: answer to this question appears missing — steno fragmentation; verify audio]
That I am aware of? Something that you put together?
Phase I says seismic shoot, process data, drill six wells. Do you see that?
Yes. [REVIEW: affirmative response inferred from context; verify audio]
Phase II would be to purchase assets of Yellow Rock, then parenthetical -- Phase II, actually those assets were purchased, right?
Correct.
Phase I, I guess, wasn't completed because only four wells.
That is an incorrect statement.
The statement is incorrect?
Yes.
Okay. Is it incorrect as to Phase I prior to closing on the deal?
Okay.
There was no activity done like that prior to closing on the deal, right?
That's correct.
Four wells were drilled after closing, right?
That's correct.
It says in addition we'll drill the remaining Miocene wells. Were there four wells -- Miocene wells?
I don't know.
Okay. Phase III will be to continue to drill Miocene wells, then continues with other wells. Do you have a characterization of what type of wells those four wells were that were drilled?
Well, Miocene shallow. The CIB HAZ deeper. The Hackberry even deeper. [REVIEW: "Marg" — verify audio; possible truncated term or proper noun] between the Miocene sands and the CIB HAZ sands.
Okay. And then in the next paragraph it says "attached," and the document that was produced to us I don't think had an attachment. But it says: "Attached our example cashflow analysis which for these purposes assume funding from an individual investor or private group." Is that -- did you put together a cashflow analysis in connection with this deal?

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form.
I don't remember if I did.
Did you ever explicitly express to Mr. Easley or French that they needed that $10 million more in capital to pursue this opportunity?

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form; asked and answered.

Uhm... somewhere down the road I -- I may have -- I don't remember.

BY MR. CAUGHEY:

Q. Do you recall if they ever responded, what their reaction or response was?

MR. MADIGAN:
Q. Who is Don Dischler?
A. Don Dischler, drilling engineer, part of the original White Top group, part of the consultants that drill wells.
Q. What was your relationship? Were you an employee of White Top that worked on the Yellow Rock project, or did you have some separate consulting arrangement with Yellow Rock?
A. No.
Q. You can put that document away. I'll hand you what's been marked Exhibit No.
(Whereupon, Exhibit No. 239, was marked for Identification.)
(Witness peruses document.)
Q. Thank you. For the record, this is -- let me know when you're ready.
A. Ready.
Q. Hold on. Ready. Exhibit No. 239 is an E-mail that you received from Alex Walsh, February 28th, 2018, right?
A. Yes.
Q. 3:27 a.m.
A. Walsh sounds like an early riser.
Q. Don't worry about it. Who is McCue in the line?
(Witness peruses document.)
A. McCue, I believe, is -- McCue is part of the Revenant Group.
Q. How do you spell whatever you just said?
A. Revenant. They are one of the original investors.
Q. Don't spell -- okay. Who is Chris? Perfect Exploration? Who is Chris?
A. Broker trying to raise money, involved in that initial 2018 period.
Q. Did he continue to stay involved going forward?
A. Successful in raising money? Some. Raise money from -- well, John Miller brought Bitcoin investors from Michigan. Talked about that. I think he also has connections -- John Miller through Steve Derby and that bunch out of New York.
Q. Right. Then who is the first E-mail address in the line -- Jukester? Something like that?
A. Two partners -- J2 Partners.
Q. Who is that? Do you know?
A. I think he is another investor, Revenant.
Q. Then under Walsh's signature block there is Fulham Partners. Is that another Alex Walsh entity?
A. Sorry, where -- under Walsh's signature?
Q. Apparently.
A. That's part of one of his groups. I don't know.
Q. Okay. Walsh writes, this is a discussion to kick things -- please bring ideas, other items, considerations while this across the finish line. Do you have an understanding of what this communication is about, what Walsh is proposing?
A. Says attachment called -- Signal -- JC Checklist.
Q. What is Signal?
A. I think Signal is something they created initially to find investors. Walsh helping identify investors.
Q. Okay. Which investors did Walsh bring in?
A. Other individuals in the Revenant Signal group -- maybe McCue, Jukester, J2 Partners. Don't know anybody else.
Q. If you turn that document over -- sorry, I think it's printed double-sided.
A. Uh-huh.
Q. There is a checklist. Do you see that with some redactions?
A. Uh-huh.
Q. There's a gentleman named Tom Metcalf referenced. Who is Mr. Metcalf?
A. Mr. Metcalf is a geotech that worked -- worked with Steve Wipple forever.
Q. Okay. These various bullets about potential White Top operations -- second bullet, drilling program prioritization details, first three or four wells, Steve Wipple, Robin French. Do you see that?
A. Yes.
Q. Says initial report the week of March 12th. Do you see that? Were there -- were there reports, diligence information, sort of a data room for investors around that time?
A. Not that I am aware of.
Q. Okay. Then it says Yellow Rock diligence closing. Who were in charge of legal and financial diligence? Do you see that?
A. Referenced earlier some diligence that you did, reviewing -- I think I said agreements, documents. Is that referring to this sort of legal financial diligence?
Q. I didn't write this. I would assume, right. Other aspects of the diligence that you performed in connection with that transaction beyond what you already testified?
A. None.
Q. Says debt equity financing assigned French. Do you see that?
A. Associated with French.
(Witness peruses document.)
A. Uhmm -- now, yes.
Q. Then the second-to-last bullet talks about a royalty purchase agreement. Do you know what that is?
A. I don't.
Q. You can put that document away. Sorry, one more thing -- the date on the checklist, April 2018?
A. Yes.
Q. Was that the anticipated closing date of the transaction? Do you recall?
A. I recall that it closed April 2018.
Q. Okay. March -- I'll hand you Exhibit No. 240, which I will caution you is extremely heavily redacted for reasons I don't really understand. Right?
A. Don't need it.
Q. Is Exhibit No. 240 an E-mail that you sent Tom Easley, cc'ing John Miller, April 9th of 2020, right?
A. April -- where is that -- April -- oh, yeah -- April 2020.
Q. Yes. This is fast-forwarding a couple of years here. The subject is royalty split on the White Top project together -- sold. Do you see that? Do you have an understanding of what that is referring to?
A. If I had to guess -- I mean, pretty good -- that Robin agreed brokers from Dallas, one percent, some small amount, that group -- there were like four or five different guys, they wanted a little piece of that. That's what I'm assuming this is about.
Q. Is that -- to the best of your understanding, what the White Top Energy royalty agreement is?
A. That is the attachment -- that would be my guess.
Q. Okay. Who are the Dallas brokers? Do you know? Do you recall?
A. The name -- I can tell you -- I know -- there's like -- uhmm -- I don't exactly remember their names. I see them every month. They are under like -- Asset Link -- Don Draper -- maybe the main guy of that group. They're still paid every month.
Q. They're still paid?
A. Because they have a royalty, that's right. Don Draper.
Q. What about -- [REVIEW: witness may have said a first name before "about your owes" — possibly "Tim" or similar; steno fragmentation unclear — verify audio] Tim Burroughs, Don's partner?
A. And then there is a couple small, like .00, you know, very small individuals that have participated with these guys. I didn't know until after the fact. They're paid a small amount every month out of that.
Q. $15,000?
A. Very small amount that's being generated out of that field.
Q. Just to be clear for the record, $15,000 in revenue is being generated on a monthly basis. That doesn't come close to covering Yellow Rock's cost, does it?
A. It does not.
Q. What is Yellow Rock's monthly expenditures approximately?
A. $50,000 a month.
Q. Does that include -- exclusive of legal fees? Exclusive of legal fees?
A. This is field costs. I apologize. This is the field costs of Yellow Rock period, just field operation costs. If you're comparing revenue to operating costs, call it lease operating expenses.
Q. Okay. Then there are legal fees. Are there any other categories of Yellow Rock expenses beyond those kind of $50,000 operating costs that are paid monthly?
A. There's consultants -- Jennifer Saltsman gets paid, reservoir engineering -- uhmm, uhmm -- Jonathan Love, myself -- those costs. Also have -- uhmm -- legal, attorneys' bills, there's expert witnesses -- this cost here, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera -- whose -- obviously those costs are not being funded by revenue from the field.
Q. Those costs are being paid from what source?
A. From White Top, from --

MR. MADIGAN:
I'm going to object. I don't think you're entitled to know who's paying legal fees.

MR. CAUGHEY:
I'm asking about the legal fees. I'm asking who's paying Yellow Rock's expenses.

MR. MADIGAN:
Which category of expenses?

MR. CAUGHEY:
Let's set aside legal fees.

MR. MADIGAN:
Legal fees, experts, anything having to do with the lawsuit -- you're asking who's funding --

MR. CAUGHEY:
$50,000 --

MR. MADIGAN:
-- [REVIEW: colloquy overlap — verify speaker attribution and sequence with audio]

MR. CAUGHEY:
For the record, I disagree with you. I don't think any of this is privilege subject to objection. Let's start siphoning off the legal expenses, right. We had a capital raise periodically -- capital raise that accepted investors -- they want to participate. Those that participate, you know, they fund operations directly. Directly, like, are there direct investors in Yellow Rock? They -- investors in White Top, right -- then White Top funds the operations. [REVIEW: "president's investors" — unclear; possibly "present investors" or transcript fragment. Verify audio.] White Top, okay.
White Top is directly paying those expenses of Yellow Rock's --

MR. MADIGAN:
Object to form; foundation. [AUDIO: whisper heard "All objections except to the form we preserve." — verify]

BY MR. CAUGHEY:

Q. Let me ask the question differently. White Top is that -- is that funding Yellow Rock's expenses, right? White Top receives money from the investors, then White Top pays some of that money to fund Yellow Rock's expenses?
A. Yes, consolidated, yes.
Q. You said there was a capital raise to fund those expenses. When was that?
A. We had a couple since --
Q. When do you want to start? I don't -- identify -- to the best of your recollection, when have the capital raises been for White Top?
A. I think there's been -- three-and-a-half million, [REVIEW: series of amounts unclear — steno fragmentation; heard as "3-and-a-half million, [X] million, [X] million, 9-and-a-half million." Verify audio for complete sequence.] -- those -- I don't have it in front of me. I don't know exactly. To the tune of probably [REVIEW: amount missing — steno gap before "million." Verify audio.] million.
Q. When was the most recent capital raise?
A. I would have to check my notes. Sorry, I don't know off the top of my head. Approximately late 2025, maybe early -- I don't remember exactly.
Q. That capital is being used for both -- I guess legal-related expenses, but also to cover the operating cost of Yellow Rock, right? Drilling costs, workover costs, recompletion costs, whatever costs to operate the wells?
A. Those costs are being incurred every month right now, right. We have costs every month.
Q. Those -- were there, in connection with those capital raises, were there investors invested solely for the litigation piece? Is it just --

MR. MADIGAN:
Object. I instruct you not to answer that. It's protected.

MR. CAUGHEY:
Protected by what?

MR. MADIGAN:
I don't think you're entitled to know. You're asking directly about litigation funding. We argued a motion on that Monday. Ruling is pending. [AUDIO: whisper heard "And that's, we argued a motion on that on Monday." — verify]

MR. CAUGHEY:
I asked a predicate question of -- where -- what I'm trying to find --

MR. MADIGAN:
Okay.

MR. CAUGHEY:
-- whether there are investors invested solely in that bucket. Because of that issue, I am entitled to know whether there are investors who are investing sort of across -- litigation funding, non-litigation. That predicate question is clearly proper.

MR. MADIGAN:
Before -- I think I have instructed -- I think you need to have a discussion before you ask your next question about privilege.

MR. CAUGHEY:
I don't want to take a break. We can go off the record.

THE VIDEOGRAPHER:
We are off the record. The time is 11:16 a.m.

(Recess.)

THE VIDEOGRAPHER:
We are back on the record. The time is 11:27 a.m.

BY MR. CAUGHEY:

before took a break were discussing investors into White Top particular recent funding rounds investment into White Top question asked whether there are some investors who are funding only litigation costs then other investors who are funding only the operating other non-litigation expenses whether investment just goes into yellow into White Top used both tome tome

MR. MADIGAN:
that's question that I instruct [REVIEW: word appears missing — likely "not to" or "to not"] answer we are going maintain that instruction [REVIEW: "ding ruling" — steno artifact, likely "and the ruling" or similar; verify audio] litigation funded gone funding think invades what we are trying to protect what argued Monday we have to bring back we'll bring him back rene Ryan just to be clear what your objection it's privilege answer that question would be privileged

MR. MADIGAN:
it's privileged it's not relevant it's everything that briefed in our motion it's what  argued to the court Monday

THE WITNESS:
it's those arguments like said we're going instruct answer that question whatever court rules within that we'll bring the witness back you can about that Ryan [REVIEW: "roan" — steno artifact, may be witness name or "Ryan"; verify audio]

MR. CAUGHEY:
understand don't want into disagreement on the record here you're certainly taking position that funding outside of the litigation context somehow privileged investment into White Top outside of the litigation context

MR. MADIGAN:
question that you're asking part of it does into litigation funding think that's protected

MR. CAUGHEY:
trying to figure out if there's some kind of part I can avoid this objection whether there is some part of the funding that is separable from the litigation don't understand won't answer that question whether there's some
[REVIEW: "SFUND" — steno artifact, unintelligible; verify audio]
gone funding independent from the litigation subject this objection because falls [AUDIO: whisper heard "You're asking about the recent fund raises." — verify] you're asking about the recent fundraisers recent fund-raiser involve litigation funding understand what you're saying in the understand whether you're saying question necessarily calls for information that believe protected by the argument submitted to the court Monday

MR. GARNER:
question again

MR. CAUGHEY:
sure what said sitting here today, in the recent fundraise [REVIEW: "fundraise" — likely "fundraiser" or "fundraising round"; verify audio] think referenced from late
2025 are there some investors whose investment only directed toward litigation used fund their funds used only litigation other investors funding sort of operations of the business is it just investors vesting  into White Top White Top used some of that information litigation some other purposes

MR. MADIGAN:
yeah mean first of all object to the form of that question also also instruct answer question because part of it part of what you're asking invades what we're trying to protect rene rene

MR. CAUGHEY:
think that's also a frivolous objection can't force the witness answer

MR. MADIGAN:
disagrees it's frivolous asked things to be submitted  they can sort really take umbrage with calling frivolous

MR. CAUGHEY:
that's position issue presented to the court that question

MR. MADIGAN:
Your question about four parts -- I don't want to get into it over this -- instructing the witness not to answer because I think part of it gets into -- there's part of it that does, part of it that doesn't. It's a compound question. It's not a very well-formed question. Part of your question gets into what is being protected. [AUDIO: whisper heard "I'm instructing the witness not to answer." — verify]

MR. CAUGHEY:
Right. Different form of the question then.

BY MR. CAUGHEY:

Q. Are there investors from the recent late 2025 [AUDIO: whisper heard "whose investment is only used for non-litigation purposes?" — verify] White Top whose investment was only used for non-litigation purposes?

MR. MADIGAN:
Same instruction. Same objection.

MR. CAUGHEY:
Even though I am specifically limiting the question to non-litigation -- I don't want to hear anything about investors in litigation, I want to hear whether there are investors for non-litigation purposes in the business, explicitly excluding [any] investment [in litigation] from the question -- you're going to answer that question.

MR. MADIGAN:
You can answer that question.

BY MR. CAUGHEY:

I'll read it again because there was a pause.

MR. MADIGAN:
Yeah.

BY MR. CAUGHEY:

Q. Are there investors from the recent late 2025 fundraise [at] White Top whose investments were used only for non-litigation purposes -- only non-litigation purposes?

A. For the last -- yes. I would say -- [AUDIO: whisper heard "I would say yes one time." — verify]

MR. MADIGAN:
Yeah, go ahead.

BY MR. CAUGHEY:

Q. Can you identify the investors in the most recent December 2025 fundraise?

MR. MADIGAN:
Going to object and instruct [the witness] not to answer that question.

MR. CAUGHEY:
What is the basis for that?

MR. MADIGAN:
Same.

MR. CAUGHEY:
Is the identity of the investors privileged?

MR. MADIGAN:
[REVIEW: "what just answer to the last question everything in the you're asking whose funding litigation that's limits" — heavily fragmented steno. Appears to be counsel explaining objection basis. Verify audio.]

MR. CAUGHEY:
I'm trying to understand the objection.

MR. MADIGAN:
Yeah.

BY MR. CAUGHEY:

Q. Have you been involved in -- either being copied on or speaking with -- communications with folks [REVIEW: "vestedinvested" — steno collision; likely "invested."] in the most recent December 2025 fundraise? Regular communications sent to those investors?

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form. Go ahead.

Q. Sorry. Let me — let me be sure what your question — what you're asking. Sorry. Let me frame it better. Okay. Earlier we discussed a document — either monthly or quarterly communications were made to investors at various points in White Top's history. Are those monthly or quarterly investor communications still being made?
A. To investors, yes.

Q. White Top investors, yes?
A. Yes.

Q. Are you copied on those communications?
A. Yes.

Q. I assume that part of those communications discuss this litigation. I'm just asking for the content — just a yes-or-no question. Do you —
A. I don't remember, really.

Q. Okay. Are you aware of whether there's content in those communications beyond this litigation?
A. Yes.

Q. What do they talk about — what do they talk about beyond this litigation?
A. Cash on hand, normal operating things.

Q. Normal operating things?
A. Yes.

Q. And under normal operating things, they discuss normal operating things — correct?
A. [REVIEW: response unclear — steno fragmentation; verify audio]

Q. Who sends those communications — who sends those monthly or quarterly communications?
A. Jonathan Love.

Q. Jonathan Love. Are you copied on them?
A. Copied — I haven't seen them.

Q. Can you just describe the format? Is it a formal E-mail?
A. [AUDIO: whisper heard "Not by name. I can tell you who, you know, there's like a – I don't exactly reme" — verify] Boilerplate — here's a Jonathan — you know, he writes other things on here. He may — I don't remember. General — here's production, here's the legacy well, here's cash on hand, here's this and that.

Q. How frequently are those communications made?
A. Quarterly.

Q. Are there any in-person investor meetings that you can recall?
A. I recall investor Zooms — no other actual conversations with investors. None that I'm involved in.

Q. How many investors does White Top currently have?
A. I can't give an exact number. I can say — close. Maybe — the most recent fundraise was December 2025.

Q. Right?
A. I believe that's the case.

Q. Is there a fundraise planned in the future?
A. None that I am aware of.

Q. Did the December 2025 fundraise bring in any investors who were existing White Top investors — or from existing White Top investors?
A. From existing White Top investors.

Q. Okay. What materials were prepared and sent to investors in connection with that December 2025 fundraise? I'm not asking for the content of them — I'm just asking the direction — the type of materials.
A. I don't remember. Jonathan Love prepared those. I don't know what those were — other supplemental pages. Usually it's in response to their questions.

Q. Was some sort of solicitation or initial communication made soliciting that investment?
A. I didn't communicate with the investors. That would have been Mr. Love.

Q. Mr. Love?
A. Yes.

Q. Have you seen slide decks, memos, or other presentations in connection with that December 2025 fundraise?

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form; foundation. Go ahead.

A. Only when — when we prepared the fundraise — this particular one I have. The prior ones I have — I have not seen.

Q. Right. The prior ones you have?
A. Yes.

Q. Okay. Have you seen the materials that were prepared in connection with the December 2025 fundraise?
A. [REVIEW: response unclear — steno fragmentation; verify audio]

Q. Do you recall any investors asking questions in connection with that December 2025 fundraise?
A. None.

Q. Okay. Before — let's start working backwards a little bit. When was the next most recent fundraise before that December 2025 fundraise?
A. I don't remember. I can tell you they're — [REVIEW: sentence truncated — chunk boundary; verify continuation]

MR. MADIGAN:
don't share don't remember dates don't it's been you know, it's over the years we can go through documents that's fine let's that we can visit about thanks want sense before become to the documents history just picture from
20182021
could you approximate total amount of money that Yellow Rock raised White Top raised Yellow Rock let's say million million thereabouts many raised counting Debtor are you talking about total let's say counting debt how much equity remember equity there's equity in debt. The people that had equity opportunity correct debt correctly correct sure what your question. The equity million.
additional million in debt financing from [AUDIO: whisper heard "in debt financing from Luminous?" — verify] Luminous

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form.

THE WITNESS:
That's correct.

BY MR. CAUGHEY:
Q. [REVIEW: steno fragmentation — question unclear. Appears to ask about collecting checks just from Luminus or from others as well. Verify audio.]

A. [REVIEW: steno fragmentation — answer unclear. Appears to be a negative response regarding investment returns. Verify audio.]

Q. How much total funds have been raised by White Top since the 2021 restructuring? Just a total number.

A. Top of my head, I can't give an exact number. I mean, it's a million -- it's a long number. It's a number I don't have at the top of my head right now, sorry.

Q. During that period starting in 2021, investors have received distributions -- a return on their investment; is that right?

A. That's correct.

Q. Starting in 2018 when White Top was formed and took over Yellow Rock, it sounds like there's been maybe close to a million in investment in this project. Is that close to the number?

A. That's correct.

Q. None of that has been returned to investors; is that right?

A. That's correct.

Q. All right. I apologize for that detour. Can you go back to Exhibit No. 240?

(Whereupon, Exhibit No. 240, was marked for Identification.)

(Witness peruses document.)

Q. Okay. I think -- your testimony, just to orient ourselves, is that this is referring to royalties for some Dallas folks, basically?

A. Brokers. Brokers.

Q. -- I think you said --

A. -- Still royalties every month. Royalty owners. Royalty owners. Royalty owners.

Q. I assume you maintain some calculation of those royalties electronically?

A. This is what we call a royalty deck, and it equals 100 percent.

Q. So they're in there at whatever percentage they have. Is that royalty deck stored electronically on your hard drive?

A. The -- drive, really. Cloud. Just a folder, yeah.

Q. I don't want to say drive. Fair enough. Okay. In the cloud, in our software system?

A. Boot software system and go to revenue deck, it's there.

Q. All right. And I'm sure you are not a financial accounting consultant, but you could look at, let's say, February 2026 and determine the royalty payouts -- the royalties paid on the production?

A. Yes, I can. Historical royalties, yes.

Q. Back when -- back when we first started producing, if you could go to the second page of this document. The -- from redacted, the first line states: "Guys, Richard Halprin from White Top Energy asked us to sign something stating our ownership of the royalty interest in this project, that together we sold them." Do you see that?

(Witness peruses document.)

Q. And then it says: "I know it. What I anticipated that we were going to get out of this deal, they still owe us money. Who knows when we will get it." Do you have an understanding of what money is owed to these folks?

A. Uhmm, sure. [He] wrote this, so -- either what [he] said -- either I can't answer that question.

Q. You can set that document away.

[Handing.]

What's been marked Exhibit No. 241.

(Whereupon, Exhibit No. 241, was marked for Identification.)

(Witness peruses document.)

MR. MADIGAN:
Thanks.

MR. GARNER:
Thanks.

BY MR. CAUGHEY:

there are some very long -- this is a very long document going to take almost -- obviously going to take an amount of time. [REVIEW: PUNCTUATION — steno fragmentation prevents confident ruling on sentence structure here.]
(Witness peruses document.)
This is just a monthly report I give them every month. Let's -- that is useful, right? Let me answer that question first. For the record, Exhibit No.
241, [REVIEW: EXHIBIT FLAG — number reads as "241330670" — likely Exhibit No. 241, Bates 330670 or similar; verify exhibit number and Bates reference.]
a lengthy E-mail string -- the most recent one being July 2nd, 2020 -- right? Is that the one you have in front of you? Yes.
Yes, sir, it's an E-mail
-- at least the one that you sent to someone named [CORRECTED: singHarman → Harman] Singh. Subject: "Luminous [CORRECTED: loom nous → Luminous] Holding Confirmation White Top Black Box."
Do you see that? Yes.
Before I even asked a question, I think you told me what this document -- Uh-huh. What did you call it? Monthly -- [CORRECTED: uhmm → just] monthly overview, certainly items that they want -- they want questions. Who's "they"? That would be Luminus. Who is [CORRECTED: singMr. Singh → Mr. Singh]? I have no idea -- an employee of Luminus, the administration probably. I don't know what that is. I think it's part of the Luminus group. Let's go to this E-mail -- said it's very long. Let's go -- I think -- to the beginning. The Bates number -- when I say "Bates number," it's the number in the lower right. There's one that starts
330703.
Can you locate that? 703 -- yeah -- ends -- okay. All right.
Here's an E-mail from Omar [CORRECTED: company wage da → Khawaja] -- someone at Luminus.  [AUDIO: whisper heard "Someone at Luminous, do you know who that is?" — verify]Do you know who that is? Same -- took the same guy's place.
They go through employees. Okay.
Do you know who [CORRECTED: Erin McCombAaron McComb → Aaron McComb] is? No idea. Tyler McDonald? No idea. [CORRECTED: Raoul BossinRahul Bhasin → Rahul Bhasin]? No idea. This initial E-mail -- is it even directed to you? Do you see? Right -- just French -- [REVIEW: SPEAKER UNCLEAR — "just French" appears to be a fragment; verify audio.] Mr. Easley, do you see that?
(Witness peruses document.)
Yeah. I -- my name is there. I don't know if it's directed --
--
Robin and Tom Easley? Yes, I do. That -- hold on one second. Sorry. If you go a couple of pages earlier to the Bates page that ends 701, I think this is when you first send an E-mail to contact [CORRECTED: wage da → ] Mr. Khawaja. Do you see that?
(Witness peruses document.)
It references a senior secure promissory note payable to White Top Energy. Does that reference the promissory note that secured the loan from Luminus? It does. Then periodically [CORRECTED: company wage da → ] Mr. Khawaja -- whoever -- then asked for certain confirmation information, right? Yes.
What was your understanding of the purpose of this back and forth with Luminus? The back and forth -- it's a monthly report that they asked me to provide. Okay. Just a financial statement -- principal, interest -- [CORRECTED: black boxBlack Box → Black Box] note, whatever activity they had -- that's every month -- I give that to update them. Okay.
For instance, please turn to the Bates label that ends
697.
Here is an E-mail that you send with an interest calculation for the original note, right? Uh-huh. Original note -- 12 million -- [CORRECTED: '$91,000$12, 091,000 → $12,091,000] -- right? That's right. That was original debt financing provided by Luminus? That's right. Then it calculates principal and interest based on that, right? Uh-huh. Okay.
Do you know when Luminus [CORRECTED: vestedinvested → invested] additional -- I guess we can fast forward to the very front of the document, and here you say
-- you're talking to Singh: "Per the following principal interest for Luminous Holdings for the month of [AUDIO: whisper heard "What do you think the company could have done with that additional $10 million o" — verify] million." Do you see that?
(Witness peruses document.)
Yes.
At some point between the [CORRECTED: 20192020 → 2019] [AUDIO: whisper heard "So, at some point between 2019-2020 period, they invested an additional $7-8 mil" — verify]
period, they [CORRECTED: vestedinvested → invested] an additional million in debt financing to the company. Uh-huh. Right? Uh-huh. Yes.
Yes.
Thank you. I believe you answered this, but were you personally involved in the conversation soliciting that additional debt financing? [AUDIO: whisper heard "I believe you answered this, but were you personally involved in the conversatio" — verify]
Put that document away. Yellow Rock's poor performance leading [CORRECTED: 20202021 → into 2020] [REVIEW: TIMELINE — steno renders "20202021"; likely "2020" and "2021" or "leading into 2020/2021" — verify audio; corrected to "into 2020" pending confirmation.]
almost to insolvency -- bankruptcy, right?

MR. MADIGAN: Objection to form; foundation.

Q. Yes, we were heading that way. Were you involved in conversations around whether the company should declare bankruptcy?

A. Did you have a view on that matter?

[REVIEW: SPEAKER UNCLEAR — "Did you have a view on that matter?" appears to be a separate question by examining attorney, not an answer. Verify audio for speaker attribution and Q/A structure.]

Q. Sorry, what was that question?

Q. Question withdrawn.

[REVIEW: PUNCTUATION — steno fragmentation prevents confident ruling on Q/A structure throughout this chunk. Multiple speaker attributions unclear.]

Q. Bankruptcy was an option for Yellow Rock around 2021; is that right?

[REVIEW: SPEAKER UNCLEAR — final question reconstructed from fragmented steno. Verify audio for exact wording and speaker.]


MR. MADIGAN:
object to form foundation wasn't aware of that okay.
Luminus Sunny Solar have option convert its debt into equity in the company right yes, they did that is an option that they exercised
2021 right they that yes.
doing original investors were poured they lose their money that's correct that's correct of the investors carry through to the yes.
okay with similar stake were they diluted diluted because debt holder came took majority debt holder will come dilute debt holders beyond Luminus Sunny Solar have opportunity convert their debt from equity yes.
were you involved that transaction
2021?
Robin French tonal easily easterly Tom Easley okay.
certain folks from the company from Yellow Rock stayed after that stretching touringrestructuring
2021, right yes.
certain correct stayed yes.
else stayed Brad Brandl think one of them Garcia Sebastian Garcia . The field guys stayed uhmm think Tom Easley while I don't know might have been around maybe more consulting giving I don't know wasn't around daily basis didn't certainly didn't maintain same role that's absolutely correct French retain any role French retain financial interest in the company financial interest in the company yes.
is he royalty owner he is investor investor okay okay Mr. Love hired around that time of the transition right restructure
2021?
were you involved in the decision to hire Mr. Love are you aware of a gentleman named Matt Steele I am when did you meet Mr. Steele have never Mr. Steele have you ever talked Mr. Steele never talked Mr. Steele what's your understanding he is gentleman brought Mr. Barrett give an overview of the operations organization did you meet with Mr. Barrett around that time of the restructure Mr. Barrett did you pleat with Mr. Barrett around time of the restructuring really minding business didn't meet him didn't know what was going that too many eventually before restructuring when Mr. Barrett Luminus question before restructuring when Luminus just debt holder Mr. Barrett take active role in the operations management strategy Yellow Rock that I am aware what about after the restructure when Luminus become majority owner of the company yes.
what role Mr. Barrett take brought a new team did he personally take day-to-day role in the company that I am aware of did he I assume sat on the board of the company I don't know that fact did you attend board meetings wasn't board member understand weren't board member did you attend board meetings in your capacity one board meeting when they decided was going to be on the board who is they White Top White Top Yellow Rock when that meeting don't remember early early after the transaction I would imagine which transaction there's multiple which transaction
2018 sometime
2022
I would imagine okay.
is that the only board meeting White Top Yellow Rock you have you ever recall attending yes.
what was the items business that board meeting decide was going to be on the board okay.
what was your role that discussion recommended that I won't be on the board . You know, didn't really want to be on the board . You know they you know, potentially out there to be on the board chose to be on the board chosen to be on the board think asked that question before think probably yes.
case didn't what's your best recollection Jonathan Love a couple of attorneys from Colorado uhmm you know, there is a couple guys can't remember their names to be honest with you do you know if the current composition White Top's board is the same then I believe so.
think Tom Easley on the board maybe tomorrow on the board while don't remember ame of the attorney Colorado can't remember name sorry do you recall other matters being discussed that board meeting restructuring where Luminus exercised option convert its debt into equity uh-huh that came around time that the original loan came right wasn't aware of that okay.
you're aware of Yellow Rock White Top can unablebeing unable original loom nous Luminous loan?
I'm aware they were unable loan, wasn't sure when it becoming they couldn't because company wasn't generating enough revenue itself four wells fair that's fair do you remember the well numbers those four wells that were drilled sure what are they
1027102810291030.
front them if you want that then we'll this edge there was
1031 drill yes.
1031 to the drilled drilled there were last well, drilled okay.
there were other recompletions prior wells yes.
how many approximately that's an operational question don't remember within your --
3, 4 don't remember did your role change aft er the restructuring
2021?
yes.
reported Jonathan Love did you ever meet Mr. Love before restructuring might have would say yes, one time what do you recall about your first encounter with Mr. Love asked good questions about , you know, what's organization things like that mean in general mind seemed like knowledgeable was your first encounter with Mr. Love connection with potentially retaining to be Yellow Rock wasn't involved that tell what you recall about your first counter with Mr. Love gave your collect checkCHECK I think walked into my offers introduce himself around that time
2021?
sometime
21.
were you Houston that time were you working out of Yellow Rock's offers Houston it's bearing 1811 Bearing Drive sweet
77077 something like that were there file cabinets that offers there were file cabinets when I was there were there do you know if the company kept any backup drives hard drives I know talked about the cloud were there any kind of school hard drive materials with materials in the offers as well when was there there was okay.
tell what you recall about those drives well, there is data file room throne then stacks uhmm racks they call them they had certain drives there okay.
would be most knowledgeable about those drives files what was stored that file room I the guyIT guy who is that David George does still work does not have different group completely when George most recently work with Yellow Rock some work think little bit
2022 after we had brought in the other team just finish cleaning because a lot reaction were personal items that when White Top vestedinvested
2018 hope drill dozens wells document where talked about plus wells that same goal
2021 upon restructuring once Luminus came you'd have dozens wells drilled

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form; foundation. Go ahead.

THE WITNESS:
Wasn't involved in any of those plans. [AUDIO: whisper heard "I wasn't involved in any of its plans." — verify]

BY MR. CAUGHEY:

Q. You've never seen plans around that time?

A. Wasn't involved in any of those plans.

Q. Okay. Did you personally have a view of what the plan should have been for the company going forward?

A. Well, I believe -- [REVIEW: steno fragmentation — possible missing words before "field"] think there is potential out there. We had the right money that maybe Lou could have brought. [REVIEW: steno fragmentation — possible missing words] Think great opportunity to continue drilling. Thought that even after -- maintained that optimistic view even after the failed financial performance in the 2018 [REVIEW: year range unclear — steno renders "20182021" — may be 2018 to 2021 or 2018-2021] period.

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form. Go ahead.

Q. [AUDIO: whisper heard "And your optimism, was it due to Luminous coming in with additional capital?" — verify] your optimism -- Luminus coming in with additional capital?

A. Yes.

Q. Different personnel?

A. Yes.

Q. What gave you confidence in the new personnel?

A.  They had worked in the past on other projects. I believe based --  felt like this was what was needed from the beginning. Different -- Matt Steele involved.

Q. [REVIEW: steno fragmentation — question not clearly recoverable] Geology folks were better?

A. Absolutely.

Q. Based on -- what was your basis for believing that?

A. Conversation with Jonathan. [AUDIO: audio check heard "So to my knowledge, I don't remember if these wells were successful. And that wa" — verify] Loving what this gentleman had done in the past. I mean, he's successful. Plus I think we had eventually some other consultants come in to help. [AUDIO: whisper heard "So to my knowledge, I don't remember if these wells were successful. And that wa" — verify] Luminus area.

Q. Okay. Most recently I think you said the company received maybe [AUDIO: whisper heard "Was that capital not enough to make this company successful?" — verify] million investment. Is that capital enough to make this company successful?

A. [REVIEW: steno fragmentation — answer not recoverable] That enough capital.

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form; foundation.

Go ahead.

A. [REVIEW: steno fragmentation — multiple sentences run together; approximate reconstruction follows] Into a lot of problems that we didn't know about -- money spent based on findings after the fact -- what your clients' issues caused -- able to drill like we wanted to drill. We'll get into that testimony, yes.

Q. I mean, we'll get into that testimony a bit. But don't -- so long as we're there, don't -- explain what you say that the inability to drill -- Westlake issues -- tell me precisely and as thoroughly as you can what you're referring to there?

A. Lack of permits available to us on the west side of the dome. Reserves we thought were there -- more prolific -- right there on the west side of the dome -- weren't allowed to drill because we couldn't permit.

Q. How many permits did you seek on the west side of the dome? I mean, weren't you allowed to permit this side of the dome?

A. What's the basis of that testimony?

Q. [AUDIO: whisper heard "One, two. I mean, we weren't allowed to get any permits on the west side of the " — verify] A letter. I think I remember seeing Brad communicated -- we were unable to get permits on the dome.

Q. Were you personally involved in those permitting discussions?

A. Involved from submitting permits through regulatory -- accountants, yes.

Q. Through your regulatory -- what?

A. Accountant. Gentlemen -- Taylor -- regulatory accountant within White Top, within Yellow Rock, was responsible for permitting. That would be engineers -- Brad Brandl -- I guess Brad Brandl would be one, I believe, yes.

Q. That communicated with Jo Beth Taylor?

A. Actually applied to the permits on the companies' behalf -- correct.

Q. That's correct. Interface with Ms. Taylor?

A. Brad Brandl -- that communicated with Ms. Taylor -- interface with her. Brad possibly interfaced with -- there were people just that interfaced with Jo Beth.

Q. Do you recall -- have an understanding -- which wells were applied for permits -- rejected?

A. Don't remember type of wells, individual wells -- know.

Q. Do you recall --  -- how many wells?

A. Don't remember.

Q. How many?

A. Did you ever have communications with the Louisiana regulators about permits?

Q. [AUDIO: whisper heard "I have some documents on this, but I just want to talk generally first with the " — verify] We'll get back to -- solve that. You mentioned the 1031 well. I have some documents I want -- but just talk generally first. With the 1031 well, where on the dome do you recall the 1031 well?

A. Southeast side.

Q. Southeast side?

A. On the southwest side that you were referring to -- with the permitting situation, right?

Q. That is correct. Different part of the dome, right?

A. Little different, yes.

Q. Different quadrant of the dome -- different part of the dome?

A. Exactly.

Q. The 1031 well -- successful well for Yellow Rock, true?

A. True.

Q. Cost much more than expected to drill the 1031 well, true?

A. True.

Q. Cost more than [AUDIO: whisper heard "It cost more than $3 million when all was said and done, isn't that right?" — verify] million when all was said and done -- isn't that right?

A. More than [REVIEW: dollar amount missing] million, yes.

Q. Original expectation was less than [REVIEW: dollar amount missing] million, right?

A. That's usually roundabout -- what amounts -- thereabouts.

Q. How much money did that 1031 well generate for the company?

A. Don't remember. Ballpark -- I have no idea. Less than [AUDIO: audio check heard "Certainly less than the $3 million it cost to drill it." — verify] million dollars -- I have no idea. Certainly less than [REVIEW: dollar amount missing] -- an million -- [AUDIO: whisper heard "Certainly less than the $3 million it cost to drill it." — verify] -- cost to drill. I would say yes.

Q. It's been a money loser for the company, right -- make money -- wanted, yes?

A. [REVIEW: answer fragmented — steno reconstruction uncertain]

Q. That's Westlake's fault, right? [AUDIO: whisper heard "That's not Westlake's fault, right?" — verify]

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection.

A. No, I wouldn't know that. I have no business to believe that it's Westlake's fault.

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form, foundation. It is an operational question. Sorry. You have no personal knowledge — that's correct. Finish the question, please. Okay. Do you have a personal understanding that Westlake caused any of the problems with the 1031 well? True?

MR. MADIGAN:
Object to form, foundation. Go ahead.

A. True. You have no factual knowledge that Westlake caused problems with that 1031 well, true?

A. That's correct.

Q. Do you know where Westlake's caverns are located?

A. Cavern Seven, Cavern Six. I don't know exactly where on the dome they are located.

Q. Do you have a picture I can show?

A. [REVIEW: connection/question context unclear — steno fragmentation. Verify audio.]

Q. In connection with the due diligence that you conducted in 2017-2018, did you investigate the caverns on the salt dome?

A. I am an accountant looking at operational issues, no.

Q. Do you know whether Yellow Rock or others — White Top, Yellow Rock — investigated the caverns on the dome at that time?

MR. MADIGAN:
Which time? Sorry, I lost —

MR. CAUGHEY:
2017-2018.

A. I'm aware of just a footnote. Second — you mentioned AFEs.

Q. I think — 1031 well. What does that stand for?

A. Authorization For Expenditure. That's when the company authorizes expenditures to be made — for instance, drill a well like the 1031 well, capital, maybe a workover expense.

Q. Could you describe Yellow Rock's process?

A. Sure.

MR. GARNER:
Hold that thought. Can we break at 12:15? Because I have —

MR. CAUGHEY:
Sure.

MR. GARNER:
Thank you. I appreciate that.

A. Well, the engineers — after we have a location, the engineer, maybe Brad Brandl, would come with a plan for where we would drill this well, how much it would cost to drill the well. We would get together as a group and say, okay, it's going to cost X amount of dollars, here's the category, it's going to have a form set up, they fill in the categories whether it's drilling, location, water, rental equipment, et cetera, et cetera. It's different items that might contribute — insurance, an item that would cost the well. We had overhead, you know, we had that there, but for the most part the cost itself was generated from the engineering group. Actually, good — sort of a transition point.

MR. GARNER:
Absolutely. Thank you very much.

THE VIDEOGRAPHER:
The time is 12:10 p.m. We are off the record.

(Luncheon Recess.)

THE VIDEOGRAPHER:
We are back on the record. The time is 1:07 p.m.

BY MR. CAUGHEY:

Q. I want to start back up around the fall of 2020 — sorry, fall of 2021 — around the time Luminus exercised the option to become majority owner of Yellow Rock. At that time, the new management, Mr. Love and his folks, or the new owners at Luminus — did they bring any seismic data to the company that had not previously been available?

A. Not to my knowledge.

Q. Did they bring any maps, well logs, well files?

A. Not to my knowledge. They were working with essentially the same subsurface data that Yellow Rock had been working with previously, to my knowledge.

Q. As far as you know, the subsurface data was the same?

A. I wouldn't know that.

Q. As far as you know?

A. I wouldn't know that either way. I couldn't even give an opinion on that. I wouldn't know.

Q. Did the new group that came in — Mr. Love and the Luminus folks — have any more success raising capital than [AUDIO: whisper heard "Were there any additional capital raises other than the initial one in that 2018" — verify] in the prior —

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form; foundation.
Go ahead.

A. [REVIEW: heavily fragmented steno — testimony about raising funds appears to involve multiple speakers/Q&A but speaker attribution and question/answer structure cannot be reliably reconstructed from this chunk. Verbatim steno output follows with minimal structural correction.]

A. Raising funds -- Sunny Solar raised -- talked about that -- they brought [a] bunch [of] money. Sunny Solar brought money. [AUDIO: whisper heard "Sunny Solar brought in money." — verify] Mr. Barrett [and] folks that came [in] 2021 [had] more success raising funds [for] Yellow Rock than Mr. Easley [and] French [in] the years prior. Yes.

Q. What's the basis [for] that answer?

A. Some capital raises they funded -- capital raises. [I] think you said there had been four capital raises [for] a total of about [a] million?

Q. [REVIEW: "30, thereabouts" — unclear whether this is a question or continuation of prior testimony. Possible figure stated was $30 million. Verify audio.] Thirty, thereabouts -- [was] that equity capital, or was that debt too?

A. Some [were] down[,] debt. [REVIEW: "some down debt" — steno fragment; possibly "some were debt" or "some were structured as debt." Verify audio.]

Q. How much of that [was] debt?

A. Seven-and-a-half million, thereabouts, plus -- then [there] is equity.

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form; foundation.

THINK Y'ALL MIS- COMMUNICATING GO AHEAD THE AVAILABLE WANT UNDERSTAND THIS CLEARLY TRYING TO MIS- COMMUNICATE WITH YOU OKAY GOOD FROM UNDERSTANDING YOUR TESTIMONY PLEASE DO CORRECT IF I'M WRONG, IS THAT FROM FALL
2021 FORWARD IN THE NEW YELLOW ROCK SOMEWHERE CLOSE MILLION CAPITAL BECOME AVAILABLE WHETHER DEBT OR EQUITY; IS THAT TRUE OR FALSE THAT IS CORRECT OKAY.
[REVIEW: SPEAKER UNCLEAR — extended passage lacks Q./A. attribution. Possible colloquy between MR. MADIGAN and witness, or steno fragmentation. Transcribed verbatim; reporter must verify audio and assign speaker labels.]
MILLION PLUS OF THAT DEBT REMAINDER OF THAT WAS EQUITY; IS THAT TRUE OR FALSE MILLION TO PAY DOWN DEBT FROM THE PRIOR PERIOD OKAY.
[REVIEW: SPEAKER UNCLEAR — fragment continues without speaker attribution. Transcribed verbatim.]
OF THAT LET'S SAY SEVEN WASN'T TO PAY DOWN DEBT FROM THE PRIOR PERIOD OKAY IS THAT TRUE YES, THAT'S TRUE OKAY.
[REVIEW: SPEAKER UNCLEAR — apparent Q&A exchange embedded in unattributed block. Transcribed verbatim.]
OF THE
30, HOW MUCH WAS NEW DEBT THAT WAS TAKEN IN THE COMPANY HOW MUCH WAS HE BEING
[REVIEW: SPEAKER UNCLEAR — "he being witness" appears to be steno fragmentation; may be "the witness" or a different phrase. Transcribed verbatim pending audio verification.]
WITNESS EQUITY FINANCING DO YOU UNDERSTAND THAT QUESTION SAID OF THE THINK ALREADY ESTABLISHED WE'RE DOWN TO NOW.
[REVIEW: SPEAKER UNCLEAR — continues without attribution.]
WHAT WAS THE SOURCE OF THE MILLION THAT WAS USED TO PAY DOWN PRIOR DEBT LUMINUS YES, YES.
CAPITAL FUNDING WASN'T NECESSARILY LUMINUS SUNNY SOLAR LUMINUS PLEASE LET'S TAKE NOW.
[REVIEW: SPEAKER UNCLEAR — passage throughout this block lacks Q./A. labels. Transcribed verbatim.]
OKAY HOW MUCH OF THAT CAME FROM LUMINUS SUNNY SOLAR DON'T HAVE THAT FRONT WOULDN'T KNOW MAJORITY I WOULD SAY MAJORITY YES.
SIGNATURE MAJORITY SIGNATURE MAJORITY MORE THAN $15 MILLION?
[REVIEW: "signature" appears repeatedly as a steno artifact — may be "significant" or a different word. Transcribed verbatim; verify audio.]
SIGNATURE MAJORITY DON'T HAVE NUMBER FRONT THAT'S EQUITY FINANCING YEAH EQUITY OWNER LET'S SAY OF THE NONE LUMINUS PORTION OF THE NEW FUNDS RAISED POST
2021 THAT EQUITY FINANCING DEBT EQUITY EQUITY EQUITY OKAY.
THERE IS NO ADDITIONAL DEBT TAKEN SINCE
2021?
DON'T REMEMBER DON'T REMEMBER THERE WAS DEBT TAKEN HOLD SECOND THINK THERE WAS SOME OTHER SOME OTHER SMALL DEBT AMOUNTS THINK HOW MUCH
[REVIEW: SPEAKER UNCLEAR — apparent Q&A continues without attribution.]
FIVE AND A HALF MILLION MAYBE LENDER LENDER PROBABLY DON'T KNOW BETWEEN SUNNY SOLAR LUMINUS DON'T REMEMBER LENDER JONATHAN BART JONATHAN BARRETT LENDER THINK YES.
[REVIEW: "Jonathan Bart" followed immediately by "Jonathan Barrett" — appears to be a steno self-correction. "Jonathan Barrett" is the confirmed name per case proper noun list. Transcribed verbatim; reporter should confirm whether "Bart" was spoken or is a steno artifact.]
CAN YOU THINK OF OTHER LENDER OTHER THAN BARRETT ENTITIES?
TIME HOW MUCH DEBT DOES THE COMPANY CURRENTLY CARRY THINK TWO-AND-A-HALF POTENTIALLY IS THAT OWED BARRETT ENTITIES YES.
SOUND LIKE SOME OF THAT DEBT SOME OF THE FIVE-AND-A-HALF MILLION DEBT PAID DOWN SOME OTHER EQUITY CAPITAL RAISED YES, THAT'S CORRECT SAID THAT YOU'RE AWARE OF VALUATION BEING CONDUCTED YELLOW ROCK TRUE THAT'S TRUE MENTIONED VEAZEY REPORT THINK THAT RESERVE REPORT REFERENCE I'M NOT SURE I'VE SEEN THAT REPORT
[REVIEW: "are myou" — steno artifact; likely "are you" or possibly "tell me" running into next phrase. Transcribed as fragment below; verify audio.]
-- TELL WHAT VALUATIONS YOU'RE AWARE OF THAT'S BEEN CONDUCTED YELLOW ROCK ITS ASSETS.
THERE WAS LEGACY REPORT THAT MAY BE ORIGIN YELLOW ROCK OWNERS MAY HAVE DONE OR DON'T REMEMBER WHO WAS THE
[REVIEW: SPEAKER UNCLEAR — fragment ends mid-sentence. Transcribed verbatim.]
REMEMBER SEEING REPORT DON'T REMEMBER ENGINEER THEN THIS VEAZEY REPORT DURING YOUR TIME AFFILIATED WITH YELLOW ROCK STARTING
2018
YELLOW ROCK COMMISSION VALUATION IT IS COMPANY IT'S ASSETS ITS ASSETS MEAN RESERVE REPORT VALUATION COULD BE CORPORATE VALUATION RESERVE REPORT MY KNOWLEDGE

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form.

THE WITNESS:
Sorry. Sorry.

BY MR. CAUGHEY:

okay when Mr.
Bart when Mr. Barrett Mr. Love their group came late
2021 was there overall exploration strategy materially different to your knowledge than Mr. Easley Mr. French's strategy prior year

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form; foundation. Go ahead. It's not above grade, it's above my knowledge. Don't know one way or the other.
I don't know. You don't know there was different corporate strategy that folks brought to the table?

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form. Go ahead. Didn't know specifically anything, no. Do you know generally?
I mean, generally we're going to drill wells generally.
I mean, that was the priority. Now, have you heard the term pressure loss event before? Have you? When did you first hear of — let me back up. What do you understand that term to mean in conjunction with the cavern? In conjunction with — yeah, this dome, this lawsuit? Just familiar with the term. Don't know from an operational standpoint. Just seems that the — I can't be — I don't know that.
I don't know what that means per se. You don't know what pressure loss event refers to, no understanding whatsoever? Well, if you're asking my opinion, what I think — it may be wrong — I just think that the dome sitting here, pressure loss, the dome structure itself cannot hold itself because it lacks pressures. The dome caverns within the dome — caverns — who is — cavern? Asked generally about the pressure loss. I know certain cavern using pressure loss. Sure. Question. Sure. This line of questioning began with the question of whether you heard of the term pressure loss event specifically talking in connection with this litigation. Uh-huh. This salt dome, right? What — I just want your understanding of what pressure loss event — pressure loss events were — your personal understanding.

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form; asked and answered. Go ahead. Pattern is that the pressure loss creates the possibility of a sinkhole. That's the overall generalization of what pressure loss does. This particular — catch — what is that understanding based on? Just based on reading letters from the state about problems we're having with the bubbling, this fact that we had a moat around the acreage. The fact that can't drill any more. Just those things together leads me to believe that the pressure loss is involved in the sinkhole, which you mentioned — corner, whoever — before. That's brought — that. Do you know when the pressure loss event occurred? Wouldn't have that knowledge exactly. What month? I have no idea. Within an approximation — month, year? I have no idea. When did you first learn that a pressure loss event occurred? Well, when the state sent documentation that they feel that we're in a sensitive situation. I've heard about it before. Didn't have anything from an outside party verifying that. I appreciate that testimony. At some point — state received information from the state. Then you just said that you heard about it before. Then I want to start that before. When did you first hear about the pressure loss event?

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form.

Q. Found — digs — sure that's what he said? Conversations with maybe the operational team? Maybe they were aware of on the personal side? Wouldn't have created that conversation?

A. It's not — do you recall anything about those conversations with your operational team?

Q. No, nothing whatsoever.

A. Did you ever have meetings — have conversations with Yellow Rock management about pressure loss events?

Q. Have you ever discussed a pressure loss event with Mr. Love?

A. I think we've had discussions about — when — uhmm — within the last year.

Q. Tell me about those discussions.

A. That this could be a sinkhole and that we're having to maybe move — offers, make a contingency plan about where the oil well is going to be. We have a lot of tanks we have to move. Then showed the levee that's going around the property. There is a lot of information out there. I don't know what you want to call it — a pressure loss — call it an environmentally sensitive situation that could cause, you know, some serious issues.

Q. Mr. Love told you those things — that it could be a sinkhole and you would have to move the facilities?

A. The state has been sending stuff — well, asking about your conversations with Mr. Love. I understand state communications.

Q. Yes.

A. What did Mr. Love tell you in those conversations?

Q. Actually told — we could potentially have issues with the dome itself sinking.

A. What else did he tell you?

Q. You know, that there could be some environmental issues.

A. Like what?

Q. Water sinking into the reservoir — things like that — into the drinking area. The state didn't know if he actually specifically said reservoirs — used those terms — Knolle geese terminologies.

A. Do you know which cavern — either by name or owner — has been associated with the pressure loss event?

Q. I think it's Cavern 6.

A. Cavern 6?

Q. -- 6, you know.

A. Who owns those caverns? Going to make the assumption Westlake — Westlake owns the caverns.

Q. Do you have an understanding of what caused the pressure issues with those caverns?

A. None.

Q. Have you ever — has anyone ever told or suggested to you what caused the pressure issues with those caverns?

A. They have — you have no understanding that anything Westlake — Westlake caused those pressure issues?

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form; foundation. Go ahead.

A. I have no idea.

Q. Of anybody?

A. You have no idea of anybody that caused the pressure issues with Caverns 6 and 7?

Q.  True.

A. True.

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form. Go ahead.

A. Well, I report from the state saying the operator Westlake could be at fault with that.

Q. Where is that?

A. It's -- I have to look. I think it's in 2023.

Q. The state ascribed fault to Westlake for the cavern issue?

A. They mentioned Westlake there -- no, they said cavern operator. I'm sorry, the cavern operator. Westlake is the cavern operator who owns the cavern.

Q. It's your testimony that the state said that Westlake -- fault -- the pressure issues?

A. Didn't fault -- never said the word "fault." I did say they mention Westlake in a letter saying that the cavern operator Westlake -- I don't know, I don't remember the details because it's been a while since I looked.

Q. Were you copied on communications to White Top investors about pressure loss events?

A. May have been. I don't remember.

Q. Do pressure loss issues affect the value of the Yellow Rock investment, of the Yellow Rock project?

A. If you're talking about a potential sinkhole, then yes.

Q. What magnitude?

A. Well, they condemned the whole west side by the dome. I'd say [REVIEW: percentage figure missing — steno gap] percent, potentially maybe more. I have actually done calculations that could yield that number. I wrote off assets in that area -- only about [REVIEW: percentage figure missing — steno gap] percent of our capitalized cost. We have capitalized cost on the books.

Q. I had a write-off of [AUDIO: whisper heard "When did that happen?" — verify] percent -- sure. When did that happen?

A. I believe 2024. I wrote off [REVIEW: percentage figure missing — steno gap] percent of your capitalized costs.

Q. Idea -- I appreciate -- judges wrote expense -- could you explain that for the jury what that means?

A. Write-off [AUDIO: audio check heard "You have always done so in a financial or accounting or controlling capacity, ri" — verify] percent capitalize cost -- and the way the oil and gas business works, full cost accounting. You have a capitalized cost that goes into a bucket. Over time you deplete that bucket based on your production over time. The cost is spread -- you're basically matching the revenue stream against the expense of the capitalized cost. Since the revenue stream was cut short because the state condemned the area, I just wrote [AUDIO: whisper heard "You have always done so in a financial or accounting or controlling capacity, ri" — verify] well.

Q. Well 1031 wasn't condemned by the state. Didn't you write that -- that side? What about Well 1032?

A. That was never drilled. That wasn't on the southwest side of the dome either. Written off because I didn't incur costs.

Q. Well 1032 wasn't on the southwest side of the dome, was it?

A. I don't know where that was.

Q. Department of Natural Resources regulators -- [AUDIO: whisper heard "a permit to drill 1032, right?" — verify] -- granted a permit to drill Well 1032?

A. I don't know.

Q. You have no idea? You have no testimony, do you, that Westlake is the cause of Yellow Rock drilling Well 1032, do you?

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form; foundation.

A. I don't know where 1032 was.

Q. You don't know where -- if it's on the west side, yes?

A. [REVIEW: answer attribution unclear — steno gap]

Q. Is it Westlake's fault -- any of the Defendants' fault in this case -- that Well 1032 wasn't drilled?

A. I don't know.

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form; asked and answered.

MR. CAUGHEY:
Please let your own witness answer the question.

MR. MADIGAN:
You're -- listen. You're talking -- he's jumping right behind -- I have an opportunity to make an objection. I'm making my objection. Okay? And I'm not trying to do it in an obtrusive way. I think you understand that.

BY MR. CAUGHEY:

Q. Okay. Don't pause after the question. Is it Westlake's fault that Yellow Rock never drilled Well 1032?

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form, foundation. Other than what he's already testified, I have no idea -- testimony one way or the other, right?

MR. MADIGAN:
Same -- he's already testified earlier that at least in recent times investors received monthly communications from Mr. Love that you've been copied on dealing with reserves, operations, production, that sort of things, right?

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form. Go ahead. Isn't there a quarterly report showing -- input -- what wells are producing at that point in time, what cash position on hand, what potentially was their interest -- another basis.
What their interest on the note that's owed to that company, you know, what -- talked about, the Black Box -- that changed -- that was only [the] items that I discussed with
[REVIEW: "VEFRTS" — steno artifact, possible speaker label or word. Verify audio.]
investors. Any of the investor communications, to your knowledge, disclose issues that Yellow Rock faced with this pressure loss situation?

MR. MADIGAN:
I'm just going to object then, also interject -- I don't know what your knowledge -- be careful not to reveal communications that would have been -- investors during capital raise -- issues about litigation. That's what's the subject of the motions that were heard Monday. Just answer the question, answer without revealing that -- you know -- any of that. Ryan, [REVIEW: "ripe" — steno artifact or term; verify audio. Possible: "right"?]

MR. CAUGHEY:
Obviously I disagree with that objection.

MR. MADIGAN:
Right.

BY MR. CAUGHEY:

Q. Let's stick with the question. Do you want it repeated?
Would -- Jonathan Love would have communicated with investors with regard to potential issues arising from Westlake's actions. Do you have awareness one way or the other whether Yellow Rock disclosed to its investors issues facing it in light of the pressure loss events?
A. I would -- would only [say] this -- that the majority investor [was] well aware of the situation.
Q. What about other investors?
A. I -- most of them -- all of them were communicated [with] through Jonathan Love.
Q. Do you know one way or the other whether those communications from Jonathan Love informed those investors of the serious situation Yellow Rock [was] facing in light of this pressure loss event?
A. I can only -- I assume -- I don't have firsthand knowledge.
Q. Okay. How would you characterize -- put it this way -- you've testified clearly that in your view Yellow Rock's performance suffered seriously [because of] these pressure issues, state regulatory issues, right?
A. I've testified that permits going forward have suffered, reserves on the west side have suffered, uhmm -- I have a lot of loss -- that's what I think. I already spoke --
Q. Follow-up question is when -- to the best of your knowledge -- think -- can I finish [the] question?

MR. MADIGAN:
Finish.

BY MR. CAUGHEY:

Q. When [did] Yellow Rock's business begin to suffer as a result of the pressure loss situation?

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form; foundation.
Go ahead.

Q. Were you notified that you weren't allowed permits?

A. Maybe. Well, sure. Which one?

Q. 2022.

Q. How was Yellow Rock's business doing leading up to that?

A. Well, we were getting ready to drill a well. We had -- I think I believe we had just funded to drill some wells.

Q. 2022, just -- basically, teams just getting in place to start creating some prospects to drill.

Q. Handing what's been marked Exhibit No. -- for the court reporter, this is 283212. Let me know when you're ready.

A. Ready.

Q. This is an E-mail sent to Mr. Love, September 7th, 2022, right?

A. Yes.

Q. At that time, Yellow Rock started to feel the financial effects of this pressure -- the loss that you talked about -- were you aware of when you felt pressure from the pressure loss?

A. Write --

Q. Jonathan, even -- didn't you say tomorrow anything -- legacy taxes -- we'll still be short cash by the middle of November. Do you see that?

(Witness peruses document.)

A. Yes.

Q. November being the following month, right?

A. Right.

Q. Financial situation wasn't good as of October 7th, 2022, fair to say?

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form.
Go ahead.

A. Might have been in the process of a capital raise. Don't -- [AUDIO: whisper heard "Was there any valuation work done of Yellow Rock at the time?" — verify] exactly what position at the time. There was a December [AUDIO: audio check heard "Was there any valuation work done of Yellow Rock at the time?" — verify]" is correct but leaving it in the transcript verbatim may confuse the reader — reporter confirm] 2022 capital raise, right?

Q. Didn't -- you remember -- was there -- we can look at documents.

A. Okay. I don't know. This E-mail certainly doesn't reflect a rosy financial position of Yellow Rock as of October of 2022, does it?

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form.
Go ahead.

A. I don't -- I wouldn't use those terms. I don't know how much money we had in the bank at the time.

Q. What are these legacy taxes?

A. Those are taxes still owed -- still owed from the prior -- prior quarter, whatever. Payroll -- we were probably deficient in the quarter. We had to catch -- this is payroll taxes that had been withheld from employees to be paid to the government, right?

A. That's totally correct.

Q. That's a pretty serious issue, right?

A. Paid those -- it's serious at the time, yes.

Q. A holdover from 2021?

A. They were certainly overdue as of October 2022, right.

Q. They were. If the company had been in good financial position at that point, would have expected -- would have paid the government what it owed; isn't that right?

A. Didn't -- you had president as of the time this exhibit -- [AUDIO: whisper heard "That's a true statement, right?" — verify] -- true, that's -- correctly right.

Q. The second sentence continues -- sounds like paying Mr. Easley -- paying those taxes would have cost at least $300,000. Is that a fair reading of that second sentence?

A. That's exactly what it says.

Q. That's $300,000 the company didn't have to cover those expenses. That wasn't Westlake's fault that the company didn't have that money to cover those expenses?

A. No.

Q. That was -- Westlake's fault, right?

A. I didn't know whose fault -- I mean, "fault" -- is that the word? Sure, it's somebody's fault. I didn't have money -- these large expenses at the time. No one pointed a finger at Westlake -- at Westlake -- for the fact that Yellow Rock didn't have money to pay the government what taxes that it owed, true?

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form. Argumentative.

A. At this time, I don't think we knew that Westlake caused problems. A month before we had just -- a permit denied from the state. It's a timing issue, really. Certainly didn't tell Mr. Love in this E-mail that this is Westlake's fault, right -- the company just [being in] poor financial shape, right?

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form, argumentative. Go ahead.

Q. I have no reason to bring Westlake into this situation. The company — when is the point in Yellow Rock's history during your tenure there starting in 2018 — uh-huh — was it ever financially successful? Do you want to go over the situation? Do you want to just answer yes or no? Is there a year you want to point to? Any time in Yellow Rock's history starting in 2018 that it was financially successful?

A. In 2018, when we first started drilling, getting together, when we had available funds to start drilling wells, yes.

Q. Success isn't until you drill wells. In this type of environment, if we had been successful, would you want to be? That's correct. At no time — at no time between 2018 and the present has Yellow Rock ever been financially successful; is that true?

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form. Go ahead.

A. Well, due to the hurricanes and everything else that caused operations to go down for several months and everything else that caused this — yes, that could be one of the reasons. We endured three hurricanes, COVID, and other goods — that could have been reasons also. Yes, those circumstances — if we were successful, we would like [REVIEW: "HAFB" — possible steno artifact or acronym; verify audio] have been.

Q. I've been asking about the reasons. I'll ask my questions again. At no time between 2018 and the present — during your entire tenure with Yellow Rock — has Brown & Root ever been financially successful; isn't that true?

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form, asked and answered. He's answered that a couple of times now.

BY MR. CAUGHEY:

Q. You can answer.

MR. MADIGAN:
You can give the same answer if you want.

A. Under these circumstances, we hadn't been successful. We'd like to be. I know we haven't been successful. We would have liked to be. We have been financial[AUDIO: whisper heard "haven't been as successful as we'd" — verify]

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form. If you — you're badgering the witness. He's answered your question.

MR. CAUGHEY:
Absolutely. Answer the question.

MR. MADIGAN:
I just don't like the question.

MR. CAUGHEY:
It's a yes-or-no answer.

MR. MADIGAN:
It's not. He's entitled to explain his answer. He's answered your question. I don't like the answer, and that's okay.

MR. CAUGHEY:
In fact, most — [REVIEW: sentence truncated — verify audio; "CHECK CHECK" appears to be steno marker, not testimony] [REVIEW: verify-agent flag — "[REVIEW: sentence truncated]" is appropriate but removing "CHECK CHECK" assumes it's a steno marker, not testimony; should verify audio — reporter confirm]

BY MR. CAUGHEY:

Q. I know you've said you haven't been successful and would like to be. In your view, as Chief Financial Officer of this company, this company has never been financially successful.

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form; asked and answered.

A. Under these circumstances, we are not successful, should have been.

Q. Now, agree that a dollar has ever been returned to investors between 2018 and today?

A. That is correct.

Q. Have you ever heard of investors expressing frustration or disappointment in this situation?

A. None of the investors that I've talked to have expressed disappointment or anything like that at this point in time.

Q. What did you mean by "as of this point in time"?

A. As of today.

Q. As of today, you've never heard frustration or disappointment from investors?

A. That's correct.

Q. Sorry, I'm trying to find a document. We'll come back to that. You mentioned permitting issues that Yellow Rock faced in trying to get wells permitted. Explain your involvement personally in that process.

A. My only personal involvement would be in the tail end where I would bill $125 to the state for every permit filed.

Q. Do you recall which wells the state rejected at this time?

A. No.

Q. Okay. You are aware that they are on the southwest portion of the dome?

A. I am definitely aware of that.

Q. Yellow Rock's interest goes in the entire circumference around the dome, right? There's 4,500 acres?

A. I believe that.

Q. That little circle that you just drew -- yes?

A. Yes.

Q. Yellow Rock has land north, south, east, and west of the dome, right? Mineral interests north, south, east, and west of the dome?

A. That is correct.

Q. It's not only in the southwest part of the dome, right?

A. That is correct.

Q. Are you -- other than the permits that you say were rejected in light of the pressure issues, are you aware of other wells that Yellow Rock sought to be permitted after 2021?

A. [REVIEW: answer not captured — steno gap. Verify audio.]

Q. Do you know why Yellow Rock didn't seek other permitting after 2021?

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form; foundation.

Q. Is it your testimony that Yellow Rock was prevented from seeking permits or obtaining a permit for a portion of the well other than the southwest portion?

A. I have --

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form; foundation.

Q. Sorry, give me one second. Go ahead.

THE COURT REPORTER: Hang on a second. What was your answer?

MR. CAUGHEY:
Can we just start over? I'll ask again.

BY MR. CAUGHEY:

Q. Is it your testimony that Yellow Rock was prevented from obtaining permits for a portion of the dome other than the southwest portion?

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form; foundation.

A. Go ahead. I wasn't aware of that.

Q. You don't know one way or the other?

A. [REVIEW: answer not captured — steno gap. Verify audio.]

Q. You mentioned there had been four capital raises during the most recent Yellow Rock post-2021 period?

A. I believe it's been four, yes.

Q. Four or five, maybe? You said one from December 2025. Do you recall when the other ones occurred?

A. I don't. Okay.

Q. I'm handing you Exhibit No. 243, which bears Bates label YR-285451.

(Whereupon, Exhibit No. 243, was
marked for Identification.)

(Witness peruses document.)

MR. MADIGAN:
Thank you. There's seven-and-a-half million. Okay.

Exhibit No. 285451, cover E-mail, that is an exchange between yourself and Mr. Love from December 9th of 2022; right? E-mail starts with the E-mail that you send Mr. Love with the subject line "Presentation"; right?

"Can you send this presentation format some of investors schooled PowerPoint?"

Do you see that?

(Witness peruses document.)

Is that the presentation you could send to Yellow Rock investors? Sorry, White Top investors?

A. Assuming so.

Q. That would be for presentation purposes, the purpose of sending this presentation in connection with a capital raise around this time, December of 2022; right?

A. Yes, yes.

Q. It sounds like you were personally involved in soliciting investment capital in connection with this raise. Were you sending this presentation -- were you personally involved in sending this to your initial -- your existing investors? Are the existing investors those you talked about so --

A. Do you recall whether investors came on board from this particular capital raise?

[REVIEW: Speaker attribution unclear — preceding exchange appears to conflate Q and A. Verify audio for proper Q/A assignment.]

They did. Did you solicit investment from investors? To my knowledge, okay.

Personally did not, no.

Q. You are not aware of Yellow Rock seeking investment from investors?

A. I am. Okay.

Q. Did you play any role in preparing this presentation?

(Witness peruses document.)

A. I would say yes.

Q. Which parts? What was your role in preparing --

A. Well, dated financial statements, one were included. Okay.

Probably a summation of the operating, workover, overhead -- that's something I probably would have provided.

Q. Let's start with the first slide that comes after the cover slide, with the drilling program proposal. Do you see that?

(Witness peruses document.)

Where it says "Use of Funds Proposal." Sorry. Yes, sir.

Do you think -- you testified before that, to your knowledge, Yellow Rock already had permit applications denied at this point?

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form.

A. Sure, that's what he said. Yes, said that.

MR. MADIGAN:
Never mind. Withdrawn.

BY MR. CAUGHEY:

Q. Were those denials having an effect on the performance of the company as of this point, December 22nd?

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form.

A. Go ahead. This presentation to investors -- trying to solicit investment capital -- disclose those permit denials? They -- Yellow Rock -- if I -- sorry, White Top -- owed fiduciary duties to its investors, [AUDIO: whisper heard "those permit denials, did it?" — verify] it's true.

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form. Calls for legal conclusion.

A. Aware of that. Chief Financial Officer of the company, you are not aware that White Top owed fiduciary duties to its investors?

[REVIEW: Speaker attribution unclear — this line reads as Q but follows an A. Verify audio.]

MR. MADIGAN:
Same.

A. Yeah, I am aware, assuming that owed fiduciary responsibility to everybody absolutely. Okay, yes.

Answer your question, yes. Okay.

Q. White Top owed fiduciary duties to its investors, didn't disclose to those investors seeking capital this -- in your view, was [REVIEW: "were" vs. "was" — steno fragment; verify audio] the very material event, permits being denied by the regulators --

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form; mischaracterizes testimony.
--
-- we maybe draw wells, don't know these wells were denied permits, these wells were already permitted prior, that didn't know that timing wise, sticking with this slide, you say "total funding required this program million," do you see that?
(Witness peruses document.)
That that's amount of [AUDIO: whisper heard "this fundraising effort?" — verify] fundraising level funds that Yellow Rock sought raise with this fund-raising effort, that this fundraise successful?
I believe, and majority of that funding contributed Luminus, Sunny Solar, majority yes.
else [REVIEW: "vestedinvested" — steno merge; likely "invested." Verify audio.] invested in this [REVIEW: "vapid raise" — steno artifact; likely "fundraise" or "capital raise." Verify audio.] fundraise, Luminus, Sunny Solar, don't know which once individually, that check, [REVIEW: "collectCHECK" — steno artifact; meaning unclear. Verify audio.] operating company has maintained level production, generate positive cashflow from the legacy wells, do you see that?
Where looking, third short paragraph, that first slide, that positive cashflow is being generated by preexisting wells, company profitable right?
Company profitable, says current productions fluctuated over last several months from barrels a day down to principally minor mechanical issues, what were those minor mechanical issues?
I'm not aware of this.
I didn't create this spreadsheet, mean this write-up, aware of that, you have no basis to attribute any of these issues and production fluctuations anything Westlake did, true?
Didn't create this analysis here, so don't know, now third paragraph says
: "well proposals includes analysis estimated costs targeted reserves as well potential future development sides," then says: "the targeted locations on the southeast side of the salt dome."
Do you see that?
(Witness peruses document.)
Southeast side of the salt dome, part of the salt dome that's close to Cavern 6 that had pressure issues, true?

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form.
Go ahead.
Well, I don't know from technical standpoint whether communication with that with the cavern, that side, just saying caverns on the southwest side, true?
Understand that caverns on the other side, they may have communications, I don't know.
Asked question, they have communications with those wells, don't know.
That question wasn't trying to ask you if you communications, that wasn't question.
The question merely that the pressure issues that talked about caverns were on the southwest side of the dome, this [REVIEW: "vapid raise" — steno artifact; likely "fundraise" or "capital raise." Verify audio.] fundraise proposing drilling wells in the southeast side of the dome; isn't that true?

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form; foundation.
Go ahead.
Your question about the pressures in the dome whether they had effect on the south side, north, I have no reason to believe one way other, can't, if it's true.
Next slide talks about how million would be used, right?
Yes.
Part of that retirement debt, which is what discussed previously, right?
Right.
Then 1.735 million would be used seven ST1 Offset, do you see that?
(Witness peruses document.)
That that's well that became 1031 well, right?

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form.
I don't know.

MR. GARNER:
Give some time, object.

BY MR. CAUGHEY:

yeah, have pause second event proposal here is the capital would be used drill two wells that's correct about million change that's in the range what drilling costs were that time right that is correct can we go to the next page where lists management team I am that page okay three think heard most of these names who is Bridget Wheatley she is the person the person communicated with the outside IT group okay.
again don't remember name of the outside IT group; is that right think Houston Tech maybe that's Houston Tech okay.
then on the next page there is summary of the drilling proposal is the request
12023 drilling proposal right yes.
if you look lower-right-hand corner diagram of the Sulphur Mines Field right there is whole lot of little dots crosses with lines coming them do you see that that what do you understand that diagram to be well, I think
No. 29 there think that's that's dome itself those other areas wells that either had been drilled assuming they had been drilled to be drilled okay.
also depicts that the area of interest currently detonated [AUDIO: whisper heard "That's right. Don Raper, Tim Burrows was Don's partner. And then there's a coupl" — verify] by the circle on the southeast part of the dome right that's correct you turn Bates label
285472
. The consolidated financial statements begin yes.
says unaudited company ever audited financial statements on the next page there is consolidated balance sheet White Top Energy right yes.
would have been involved preparing that yes.
okay.
under under property equipment yes.
what properties Epstein method if you will cost method explain that full cost method derives numbers in the to the right specifically just method logically if it is property account anything that drill well that's anything activity that drill well, goes into those categories those numbers calculated based on the costs incurred is that what full cost refers to cost incurred Yellow Rock would be drilling White Top would be seismic something like that activity okay based cost some cashflow method something it's based on the cost of developing essentially actual cost actual cost okay
$20,288,130 on the right that would reflect actual costs devoted developing Yellow Rock interest as of March
31, 2022?
yes.
okay.
helpful thank you then if you go down where says property equipment that's less accumulated
DD&A.
what's
DD&A depreciation depletion amortization (Court Reporter clarification.) what does that
18,460,4
represent?
DD&A value of the assets cost basis that time okay.
is that calculation that's still being like looked current
2026 consolidated balance sheet would it have that similar line item for the value properties cost basis cost method similar more what would number now, do you know closer well, less because wrote percent wrote percent of that cost I guess would be whatever total cost would be as of today minus whatever percent write-off time

MR. MADIGAN: Objection to form.

A. Many helped at that time, yes.

Q. Are these still done on a quarterly basis?

A. Yes.

Q. As of -- as of -- I guess March 31st, 2026, which was a few days ago -- are there any of these consolidated balance sheets as of March 31st, 2026?

A. Haven't even -- 2026 yet -- March 31st, oh, March 31st. It takes me time -- sorry -- March -- it takes me a couple months to get it all together.

Q. Totally. Okay. Yeah.

A. It will take a couple months, you know, something like that, to get it all together.

Q. When is the most recent? Would it have been year-end 2025?

A. Year-end, probably. That's the document that you would have on your cloud.

Q. That would be on the cloud?

A. Sure.

Q. September? Sure. October?

A. I need to verify whether December was done, because I think there's some stuff I want done before I send tax return stuff, right. As of -- that request -- Q3 -- 2025 -- there would be one of these consolidated balance sheets similar to this, less the P&E -- and EP&E -- property and equipment.

(Court Reporter clarification.)

A. I apologize. I know I said this. I'm trying to get oriented. I wrote that percent from --

Q. 2025? 2024?

A. Trying to remember if it was 2024 or 2025.

Q. More than -- I think more than a year. Was there documentation surrounding that, right -- like, what documentation did you create?

A. I just communicated after getting documentation from the state about 2023 condemning this acreage, bubbling potential, this -- this not being able to drill. I had a conversation with Jonathan Love.

Q. Can you repeat that?

A. I just write some of this stuff.

Q. How did you come up with the percent number?

A. Uhmm. I thought a lot about the value of the time that I spent -- this dedicated to the west side field.

Q. Did you do a calculation to arrive at that number?

A. Just a number that I thought seemed right.

Q. Well, basically what you think -- to adjust -- something you felt was right?

A. Okay.

Q. It's not some backup Excel spreadsheet modeling formula that yielded that percent number -- it's just something that you came up with?

A. That's right.

Q. And how is that percent write-off documented?

A. Well, I just make a journal voucher and say I'm writing this -- it gets recorded in the books as a write-off.

Q. What is a journal voucher?

A. A journal voucher would be a source document that I enter into the system that indicates, you know, what I'm doing.

Q. How regularly would you create these journal vouchers?

A. Regularly? Not very often.

Q. How many do you think that you've created over time?

A. Over time? Hundreds.

Q. Do those go into the cloud?

A. They are included in the software.

Q. Which software?

A. I -- good -- I think -- think we bought it from somebody else. It's a software system. Like one of the features of the system is that you can create a journal voucher.

Q. Absolutely. Is that the only feature?

A. Are there journal vouchers created by others in the organization?

Q. Only one has access to this system?

A. Okay.

Q. I think that answers my questions. Just to be sure -- you're not aware of anyone else at Yellow Rock or White Top creating these journal vouchers?

A. Correct.

Q. Okay. Let's go a few pages forward to 5.1, where you have expenses -- I guess just expenses -- described on the right-hand column. "Expenses per barrel" -- what does that number signify?

A. 285481?

Q. [REVIEW: page/exhibit reference unclear — verify against exhibit]

A. "Expenses per barrel" means that the expenses that I incurred operating the field, divided by the number of barrels actually sold, equals expenses per barrel.

Q. Do you know what that number would be today?

A. If I had -- I have no idea.

Q. Okay. If you can turn just a couple pages to 285483 -- that's a listing of the investors, right?

A. That's okay.

Q. You can put that document away. Was there any implied evaluation with this December 2022 capital raise?

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form.

Q. Can you say that again, please? I'm sorry.

A. Yeah.

Q. The presentation we just looked at was, as we saw, affiliated or related to a million-dollar capital raise late 2022, early 2023. The implied valuation — Yellow Rock's connection with that fundraise — implied valuation meaning those two wells that were drilled, what value was there? Have a look again. Did it — what was the value of these wells, or if they drilled these wells, what their value would be?

A. I don't remember. No, I don't think that was precisely the question.

Q. Okay. You're more financial than I am, so something I'm saying doesn't make sense. Tell me and we'll try to work through it. Investors put a million into the company. Presumably they obtained some equity position from that company. That million-dollar investment — if I invest $10 million into a company and that company gives me a ten percent position, that company implies a valuation of a million, subject to adjustments.

A. Uh-huh.

Q. That million-dollar capital raise — does that imply some valuation of Yellow Rock's White Top [REVIEW: "White Top" — may be a well or field name; verify spelling and context]?

MR. MADIGAN:
Object to form. Go ahead. [REVIEW: verify-agent flag — keeping 'Object to form' verbatim while adding [REVIEW] flag is good but then the reason should state this is conditional preservation, not a full agree on the correction — reporter confirm]

A. That's not quite sure, because you write down a component on the seven-and-a-half million dollars and that really changes, you know, the whole scheme of that. I'm just trying to — if I can skip some of this stuff, I can.

Q. I've handed you Exhibit No. —
(Whereupon, Exhibit No. 244, was marked for Identification.)
(Witness peruses document.)

A. All right.

MR. MADIGAN:
Thanks.

BY MR. CAUGHEY:

Exhibit No. 244, an E-mail exchange that you had with someone named Fran Schneider from December of 2022, right?
A. Not necessarily.
Q. Tom Easley -- oh, yeah, sorry -- it's an E-mail exchange that Tom Easley had with someone named Fran Schneider that you subsequently received from Mr. Easley, right?
A. It looks like this is dated December 16th, 2022, right -- yes.
Q. Tom Easley at that point was no longer president of the company, right?
A. Definitely.
Q. Continue to have relationships with existing investors, right?
A. I think until [the] end of that year, but ...
Q. Is that principally what he was doing around that time, communicating with existing investors?
A. Based on this, I would say yes.
Q. Who is Fran Schneider?
A. [AUDIO: whisper heard "I don't know Fran Snyder." — verify] Fran Schneider -- I don't know Fran Schneider.
Q. Have you ever heard that name before?
A. There is Don Schneider.
Q. Who is Don Schneider?
A. Don Schneider -- I thought Don Schneider may have owned a piece, a small piece, as an investor.
Q. You're saying that made you think because the E-mail says don ranschneider [REVIEW: steno artifact — appears to be an e-mail address rendered as plain text; original reads "don ranschneider Include File Not Found @gmail.com" — verify exhibit] @gmail.com?
A. That's -- other than owning a piece, do you know anything else about Schneider?
A. Have never -- okay. [AUDIO: whisper heard "Okay, and also I have them by chat number." — verify]
Q. I understand this E-mail to be attaching materials relating to folks making investments in this million-dollar funding round, right?
A. Have a look -- okay, it looks like we are transmitting --
Q. Can I look at this?
A. Yes, of course, sorry. There are several attachments to it.
Q. Every member [had the] opportunity to participate?
A. Yes, you're right.
Q. Okay. Who is Theresa Tran?
A. Luminus -- do you know who that is? [AUDIO: whisper heard "Someone at Luminous, do you know who that is?" — verify]
A. Executive assistant [to] Jonathan Barrett.
Q. Would -- Bates label ending -- this is called [the] million rights issue -- do you see that?
A. Yes.
Q. What is rights issue refer --
(Witness peruses document.)
A. I think if I had -- I don't know percent, it looks like it's -- I don't know.
Q. That's a Tom Easley question.
A. Could be many -- it could mean many things. I'm not sure at this point in time what it means.
Q. Fair enough. Can we go to the next slide?
A. Sure.
Q. This slide gives a background summary of Yellow Rock, right?
(Witness peruses document.)
A. That's --
Q. [Bates] 6760 -- what slide are you talking about -- ends -- okay, [Bates] 759 -- gives a summary of Yellow Rock since 2018, a bit of information about the restructuring, right?
A. Right. It looks like -- if you read a little bit, I'll catch up with you, sorry.
(Witness peruses document.)

THE WITNESS:
Okay, now, yes.

BY MR. CAUGHEY:

think in the fifth little paragraph says four wells were drilled with two still producing do you see that that's six wells total yes.
I think it's four wells total those are the four wells that were drilled with only two those four still producing; isn't that right sure it's different than well, are you aware that two of the four wells that were drilled between
2018
and 2021 stopped producing at some point don't remember they stopped producing totally okay.
which wells are still producing by the way did I that early think said
997.
that's what I said possibly
1030 1028
were choking a couple here and there that fifth paragraph continues significant cost overruns were incurred three of the drilled wells adding to the debt level uh-huh that's true statement right at least two of the wells yes.
what were the source of those cost overruns drilling costs were drilling costs higher than expected that's a technical question you'll have Brad Brandl answer that question effects page next slide talks about the reason next steps for the company says do you see that uhmm with cooperation during April which sorry talking about the next slide sorry next slide entirely Bates label talks about next steps for the company right uh-huh near end of the first paragraph says company currently too much debt little production both need to be addressed do you see that company was going to address that paying down seven-and-a-half million dollars debt with this capital raise then drilling two additional wells that's correct right one of those two additional wells drilled one; is that right that's correct Now, going down a couple paragraphs says company needs funding to clean up balance prospect grow production cover operating costs, therefore, the board plans to reduce debt dramatically fund two-well program one of which has been firmly identified which well firmly identified was that the
1031?
I don't know then if you go just two slides slide
761?
uh-huh identifies Tom Easley Rick Halprin contact personnel investors they want additional information do you see that investor contact additional information they recollection right you can put that document away I've handed what's been marked Exhibit No. 245
(Whereupon, Exhibit No. 245, was marked for Identification.)
(Witness peruses document.)

MR. MADIGAN:
Thanks. Right. You're faster than I am. Give me a minute. This document fast forwards a bit from January of 2023. I guess — very — this is an E-mail that you received from Phillip Cibulsky. Do you see that?

A. Yes.

MR. MADIGAN:
For the court reporter, probably skipped one or two previously. Bates label 289548. This E-mail, the very top — well, first of all, who is Phillip Cibulsky?

A. Well, he's an employee of Luminus Management.

Q. [AUDIO: whisper heard "And he says that Sunny Solar will fund $9,570,000 for the purchase of 9,570,000 " — verify] says that Sunny Solar will fund $9,570,000 for the purchase of $9,570,000 White Top Energy membership units. That's reflecting that the $9,570,000 came from Sunny Solar; is that right?

A. That is correct. Sorry, from Sunny Solar.

Q. Thank you. Okay. You can put that away. Are you aware of when this lawsuit was filed?

A. I believe from around spring of 2023.

Q. Think that's right. Did you know prior to the lawsuit being filed that it would be filed?

A. Really, there were discussions about filing a lawsuit. There is a difference between talking about something — when those discussions began, I wasn't involved in those discussions.

Q. Sure. Were you involved in discussions about a potential lawsuit prior to it being filed?

A. Really — really, were you — [AUDIO: whisper heard "240, which I will caution you is extremely heavily redacted for reasons I don't " — verify]

Q. Were you involved in any of that discussion?

A. I did not know that the lawsuit was going to be filed until we were told that it had actually been filed.

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form. Go ahead.

A. Yeah, I wasn't aware that we were going to file a lawsuit during spring of 2023. I had no idea what the basis was. I had no idea.

Q. When did you first hear that Yellow Rock had some grievance against Westlake?

A. Uhmm, goodness, that's a good question. I think — I think I heard earlier about some [REVIEW: word unclear — steno artifact] that was being displaced. Didn't know if it was part of the lawsuit. There was [REVIEW: word unclear] that was being sold by — uhmm — your client. Thought that was unusual. Marketing handles oily — [REVIEW: unclear — possibly "oily" is steno artifact; verify audio] — thought the cavern owner selling — I guess —

Q. I'll ask the question again. When did you first hear that Yellow Rock had some grievance against Westlake?

A. I don't — I don't remember. At some point I heard that Yellow Rock had a grievance against Westlake. Like I said, I heard about some displacement and that — [AUDIO: whisper heard "has said that Westlake is at fault" — verify] — that grove answer — didn't — nope — that was the basis of the lawsuit.

Q. Well, you testified that the 2022 permits had been denied due to pressure loss issues. Think that was correct?

A. Yes.

Q. Did you attribute those permit denials at the time to Westlake?

A. Did I? No. Did the company —

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form, foundation. You would have to speak to Brad Brandl about that.

I didn't associate those two events -- the time of the penalties with Westlake. I had no fact base personally. I think [REVIEW: incomplete — someone] told me through communications from the regulators that Westlake -- after the lawsuit, after the lawsuit -- that's right. That's the time. Just trying to nail the timeline down.

I think -- I don't -- I think somebody in the fall of 2023 -- [REVIEW: PUNCTUATION — steno fragmentation; verify sentence structure] when the State sent a letter saying, Hey, guys, [we had] gotten [REVIEW: word missing — verify audio]

VIERN [REVIEW: SPEAKER UNCLEAR — "VIERN" may be steno artifact for attorney name or witness name; verify audio]

A lot of environmental potential issues here. How did you learn that the lawsuit had been filed?

I guess when [we] talked about Jonathan Love -- talked about retaining Sher Garner -- maybe [an] invoice from Sher Garner about that.

You know, were you involved in the decision to retain Sher Garner?

No.

Were you involved in the decision -- all of [them] -- to file the lawsuit?

Did you [see] a copy of the petition before [it was] filed?

I don't remember.

These withdrawal issues that you identified -- have you ever performed an analysis of that personally?

No.

Do you know anyone -- [REVIEW: filler removed] -- I think the company [did] perform some kind of analysis. I wasn't sure -- [REVIEW: filler removed] -- being that it was conclusive. [Who] performed that analysis -- that's a Brad Brandl question.

Did you read Yellow Rock's lawsuit -- Yellow Rock's petition -- after [it was] filed?

Really didn't.

No?

What [is] your best understanding of the claims Yellow Rock [is] making [in] this lawsuit?

[I] didn't read [it, so I] wouldn't [know], just [from] Citgo [REVIEW: "Citgo leer" — steno artifact unclear; may be "sitting here" or other phrase; verify audio] today.

What is your best understanding of the claims that Yellow Rock [is] making [in] this lawsuit?

That Westlake created environmental issues that [do] not allow [us to] drill wells.

You know, exploit reserves.

Do you have [a] personal understanding -- opinion -- [of] anything Westlake [has] done wrong?

[I] don't [get] involved in the operations. The answer is no.

Do you have [a] personal understanding of the level of damage -- monetary damage -- that Yellow Rock suffered [as a] result of the activities alleged in Yellow Rock's lawsuit?

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form. [AUDIO: whisper heard "All objections except to the form we preserve." — verify]

Say it one more time because that was [a] question [I was] going [to ask] -- word for word -- even better this time because [it was] a bit [all] over the place.

Yellow Rock [in] this lawsuit -- uh-huh -- accuses Westlake [of] engaging [in] improper activities and files legal claims against Westlake. Do you have [a] personal understanding of the monetary harm that Yellow Rock suffered [as a] result of those alleged activities?

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form. Go ahead.

Well, this situation -- we'll suffer going forward because [we] can't exploit our reserves. [We] have four or five, six, seven million barrels [we] can't [exploit]. Then yes, I think [we] were harmed in that manner.

Let's talk about both. Let's break this [down] if we can. Talk about going forward right [up] to today. Do you have [an] understanding -- even [an] opinion -- [of the] level of monetary [and] financial harm Yellow Rock suffered [as a] result of Westlake's alleged activities?

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form. Go ahead.

A. My opinion would be this: They didn't allow us to exploit our field. We need to exploit and gather reserves based on potential with seismic, everything. Wells were developing. I would say yes, I would think there was some harm there.

Q. That's based -- just to close the loop here -- you're -- your inability to exploit, in your view, comes down to the inability to get permits, right?

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form. Go ahead.

A. Permits on the west side, absolutely.

Q. Anything else?

A. No. It could have been permits on the southeast side.

Q. Anything other than permitting?

A. Well, if you can't permit, you can't drill.

Q. I'm just asking if there's anything other than permitting in your view at this point in time.

A. I'm not aware of none -- of any. None of the wells that were permitted were drilled.

Q. Yellow Rock, during your tenure, have any of the wells proven to be financially successful? Have they?

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form; foundation.

A. The wells that were drilled -- there were five wells. Yes.

Q. One of those wells proved -- even proved to be financially successful; isn't that true?

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form.

A. That's true.

Q. Which well?

A. 1030. Actually a good well.

Q. The other four have been --

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form; foundation. Go ahead.

A. I can go over the reasons. Do you need to go over each reason, each situation, right now?

Q. Okay. You have testified that Yellow Rock suffered harm through the inability to get permits. You've done that. Do you have a view of the magnitude of that harm -- a dollar value of the harm Yellow Rock suffered?

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form. Go ahead.

A. Based -- this is an opinion you're asking. My opinion: Once these salt domes have thorough seismic over them -- they've never had one before -- they have produced X amount of barrels historically. We're finding barrels they never found before. Million -- million barrels that we haven't gotten yet. Multi-stacked wells that we haven't gotten to yet.

Yeah, I think we were harmed. Do I have a -- can I give a number? I don't -- I'm not a reservoir engineer. I can't put a number on that per se. That's a Jennifer Saltsman issue. Maybe you need to speak with her, because I can't answer that question.

Q. That's fine. I'm just asking if you have a personal understanding. Okay. And have you been designated as a trial witness?

A. Okay. And I have been designated [as] a trial witness? Okay. That's fine.

Q. Your lawyers in this case -- and what I'm trying to figure out is: if you're going to show up at trial, I think we've been harmed X amount of dollars -- amount of dollars -- understand that you don't have an opinion or factual knowledge in that regard. Is that a fair characterization?

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form.

A. Other than what he's already said -- [AUDIO: whisper heard "I've got a little history that in my background" — verify] totally disagree with that statement. Made little history that my background have science, seismic data help with the proper team find where these drills, where are the better wells historically. These wells either really, really good, good if you drill more wells average we are going that
80,000 a day average the first scope of drilling on four or five wells. Really can't say that's true value, true value in the play like this going forward exploit multiple wells,
20 average back what has been in the history of this field without seismic.

Q. I'll follow up with that question -- different question --
trying to figure out what trial testimony might offer. Okay. And what I'm trying to figure out [is] whether you're going to offer fact or opinion of the amount, monetary amount of damages that Yellow Rock suffered.

A. [REVIEW: speaker attribution unclear — verify whether this is witness or colloquy]

Q. I understood your answer to be that's wrong. Please tell me -- answer that I am one person -- an opinion. If you go to the reservoir engineering with that, you know, would have better present value, what these reserves should be worth. What is your opinion? Opinion they're worth --

A. -- what, million barrels worth today, right? What's million barrels worth today, right? That's opinion, your opinion. If it's
$100 [a] barrel, take million barrels, it's worth -- Yellow Rock worth
$700 million?

Q. Just saying if you take 100 barrels a day, which never happens, on the average, and you use the present value and it costs you X amount [of] dollars [to] drill these wells, X amount [of] expense, present value of that may be
400 million,
300 million. Okay.

Yellow Rock, I mean I know you say can't extrapolate from five wells, but -- right -- would certainly agree that before, for the number of years before allegations made with respect to Westlake -- Westlake -- before you have -- start over -- only harm you've pointed, only impediment you've pointed is the lack of ability [to obtain] permits in the years leading [to] those permits being denied. Your testimony [is] Yellow Rock [had] seismic, although going back
2018, right, we had seismic, sure, you say, and also [a] team in place to go profitably exploit these minerals, you say [they] have, right?

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form.

A. Thought they may have drilled dozens [of] wells
2021, 2022
before there were permitting issues, right? Yes.

Q. None of that happened. There was no financial success, none of that. One thing -- with Westlake -- Westlake did it --

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form; foundation. Go ahead.

A. The hurricanes had nothing to do with Westlake. Westlake -- flooding had nothing to do with Westlake. Westlake -- none of these items had anything to do with Westlake. We have -- [AUDIO: whisper heard "And none of that had one thing to do with Westlake." — verify] yes, that's -- that has nothing to do with Westlake. Those
2020, 2021.
We were handcuffed by nature. Nothing to do with Westlake. [AUDIO: whisper heard "The hurricane had nothing to do with Westlake." — verify]

Q. At the time of this capital raise [AUDIO: whisper heard "we've been talking about in January of 2023" — verify] we've been talking about, January of
2023 --

A. Uh-huh.

Q. -- do you have an understanding of whether the company anticipated litigation at this point?

A. I wouldn't know that.

Q. You are not aware of any discussion with investors about potential litigation during that period, are you?

A. Yeah, I don't remember back then, to be honest with you. [REVIEW: "filed discussions" — steno fragmentation; may be "I had discussions" or similar; verify audio] I don't know when. [REVIEW: missing context — steno fragmentation before "sure I had discussions eventually"; verify audio] Sure, I had discussions eventually. [REVIEW: "sure if it's before don't know when it wasn't a key" — steno fragmentation; verify audio] It could go -- anything with litigation -- anything. If I did have any information, it was minimal at best.

Q. Do you have a financial interest in the outcome of this litigation?

A. Do you -- your -- [AUDIO: whisper heard "Other than your degree from the University of New Orleans, you don't have any ot" — verify]

Q. You are being paid -- I think you said
$12,000 a month, right?

A. Currently.

Q. How many hours a week would you say that you worked?

A. [AUDIO: whisper heard "How many hours a week would you say you work?" — verify] hours.

Q. Yellow Rock related matters only? Yellow Rock and White Top related matters?

A. What percentage of those hours is related to litigation support?

[REVIEW: speaker attribution unclear — the preceding line reads as a question; may be Q./A. label error; verify audio]

A. Probably [REVIEW: number missing — steno fragmentation] hours. The other is just general operations, financial work.

Q. Even though we are producing at a lower level?

A. Yes, still same constraints, timewise.

Q. When did this lower level production really stabilize? When did you go to this
$15,000 a month production?

A. Recently. We had
200,000.
I would say over the last eight months.  Just obviously the 10/31  wasn't -- well, that would have --  I liked to produce -- thought -- looked at recompletion -- looked at -- there's some reason that those wells didn't come to fruition. Whatever they didn't produce -- I'm not sure if it's anybody's blame. I don't know on the operational side. We've had wells back at
80,000 [REVIEW: "80,000 thousand month" — steno fragmentation; likely "80,000 a month" or "80,000 to 90,000 a month"; verify audio]
90,000 a month. Would have to go back and look at earlier
2025. Yes, we had a lot better revenue stream. Those unsuccessful -- successful -- wanted recompletions. That lack of success isn't Westlake's fault, is it?

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form; foundation.

MR. CAUGHEY:
Check. [REVIEW: "CHECK" — steno artifact or speaker; verify audio]

A. I have no basis for saying that. No basis one way or the other.

MR. CAUGHEY:
Let's take another break. This may be the last.

THE VIDEOGRAPHER:
We are now back on the record. The time is 2:55 p.m.

MR. MADIGAN:
This is Madigan. Back after a short break. I just need to address an issue that came up during the last session with respect to Exhibit No.
244.
Exhibit No.
244 -- we had produced it with redactions.

MS. HANDY:
Should be -- sorry.

MR. MADIGAN:
The one that I'm looking at --

MS. HANDY:
The first Bates stamp should be
28.

MR. MADIGAN:
Scratch that, strike that -- correction: Exhibit No.
243, which has Bates stamp [REVIEW: "he had" — steno artifact; likely "that has" or similar; verify audio]
285451 through -- sorry. We had produced this redacted. I don't know how this happened. It's the furthest thing from -- I'm not an expert on it. The exhibit itself is redacted where the system shows it as having been redacted. We'll work to address the issue. I guess the best thing is to just formally claw it back until we can address the issue, and we'll produce an unredacted copy of Exhibit No.
243.

MR. CAUGHEY:
Can you state on the record the basis for the clawback?

MR. MADIGAN:
Yeah, basis for the clawback -- that it's highly personal, sensitive financial information. There are also some pages that have seismic that are protected by the court's protective order. Seismic -- there are a couple of different bases for the redactions.
One that came on the record in the questioning -- identifying equity holders, name, other details -- that's sensitive personal financial information that's relevant. We've -- it's just -- I don't know this page. Other pages within this document were released unredacted. System shows them redacted. Like I said, we'll work -- it's Sher Garner -- work address situation. We'll send E-mail address.

MR. CAUGHEY:
And to be clear, I don't want to waste time on the record. This -- you're asserting privilege as the basis for clawing this back?

MR. MADIGAN:
It's protection. It's highly sensitive personal financial information.
Would have to go back and read the case whether the case characterizes it as a privilege or not. It is a legally-recognized protection. Case that's cited in our discovery responses that protect personal, highly sensitive, confidential, constitutionally protected financial information. It's also relevant to the case.

MR. CAUGHEY:
I disagree. We can talk about it outside this room.
I will also just say for the record -- what I think is completely obvious to anybody -- that I just brought a copy printed from the database. If there's some technical issue, we can deal with it.

MR. GARNER:
We are not accusing [AUDIO: whisper heard "We're not accusing you of anything." — verify] of anything.

MR. CAUGHEY:
I couldn't even do it if I tried.

MR. MADIGAN:
For the record, not suggesting that counsel did anything wrong. It's an issue. We'll correct it.

MR. CAUGHEY:
All right. We can talk about this separately. I think I reserve rights.

MR. GARNER: Absolutely.

MR. CAUGHEY: Okay. Back to the fun.

BY MR. CAUGHEY:

Halprin, I want to sort of move chronologically here. I want to orient ourselves. [AUDIO: audio check heard "And the reason was, again, I think you gave a few reasons." — verify] The litigation was filed -- I think you said in the spring of 2023; is that right? You said that you are currently doing some work in support of the litigation. I think you said maybe [REVIEW: number of hours missing — steno gap. Verify audio.] hours a week; is that right? [AUDIO: whisper heard "And the reason was, again, I think you gave a few reasons." — verify] Estimated hours a week. And describe again what some of that is -- reviewing legal bills, making payments -- what else? What hours are you doing?

MR. MADIGAN:
Just don't reveal in your answer the substance of what you're doing -- direction of counsel, strategy, work product, trial preparation materials, attorney-client privilege communications -- subject to that, please answer the question.

BY MR. CAUGHEY:

general categories general categories communicating with management issues related to the lawsuit itself this also reviewing documents from vendors [REVIEW: "d asc ertaining" — steno fragment, possibly "and ascertaining"; verify audio] were they communicating with either Jonathan mostly Jonathan
. I don't think I've ever really [REVIEW: missing word — "had"?] a conversation with either [REVIEW: "these two" — referencing two lawyers? verify] these two lawyers next to me [REVIEW: "on occasion"?] occasion prior [REVIEW: "to this" or "to that"?] this when you say communicating sorry
-- reviewing documents from the vendors ascertaining what they [AUDIO: audio check heard "the expert this or expert that." — verify] there's some vendors here. The expert this expert that [REVIEW: steno fragment — meaning unclear; verify audio] like to know what they're doing I can [REVIEW: steno fragment — word missing after "can"; verify audio] them with certain categories when we flip order have specific different categories I guess after a while we can finally figure it out some of these guys repeat sometimes their services change that's fine that answers [the] question [REVIEW: "the" may be missing; verify audio] have spent material time reviewing documents produced [in] this case [REVIEW: "in" may be missing; verify audio] [AUDIO: whisper heard "the expert this or expert that." — verify] documents produced Westlake [REVIEW: "WestlakeWestlake" — duplicate; corrected to single instance] documents produced other parties have all righty.
don't [REVIEW: steno fragment — possibly "Don't you recall" or similar; verify audio] December
2022 early
2023 capital raise we've been talking about [REVIEW: missing dollar amount — "million" appears without figure; verify audio] million that's the first capital raise you're aware [of] post late
2021 restructuring right [REVIEW: "uhmm" removed as filler] Well, capital funding yes.
for the conversion know obviously [AUDIO: audio check heard "some debt accumulated before then." — verify] obviously conversion [of] debt [to] equity there was some [REVIEW: "may be some" — steno fragment; possibly "there may have been some"; verify audio] may be some debt accumulated before then [REVIEW: "that familiar" — steno fragment; possibly "that I'm familiar with" or "not that familiar"; verify audio] maybe accumulated debt [on a] revolver basis [to] help fund these invoices potentially that were still outstanding whatever [was] outstanding may be if it wasn't [a] raise may be [a] revolver just trying to construct [REVIEW: incomplete — "just trying to construct" appears cut off; verify audio] you're calculating [the] million figure that was raised [AUDIO: whisper heard "some debt accumulated before then." — verify] million that December
2022 early
2023 raise is it your testimony that the remaining million that was raised [by] this Yellow Rock after that January
2023 period well, yes, of course okay.
are you aware of when the next capital raise [was] after late
2022 early
2023?
if you show [me a] document I'll look [it] over okay you are aware that the pressure loss event that people often refer to [REVIEW: "hand near 2022" — steno fragment; possibly "happened near" or "around" 2022; verify audio] hand near
2022?
[AUDIO: whisper heard "Are you aware that it happened before the lawsuit was filed?" — verify] aware of the dates reason disagree with that aware of the dates are you aware that it happened before [the] lawsuit [was] filed aware of the dates hand what's been mark[ed as] Exhibit No.
(Whereupon, Exhibit No. 246, was marked for Identification.) (Witness peruses document.)

MR. MADIGAN:
thank you Jim [REVIEW: "why I am" — steno fragment; meaning unclear; verify audio] why I am

MR. GARNER:
thank you Ryan

MR. CAUGHEY:
yes, sir

MR. MADIGAN:
I'll share [REVIEW: "Ryan ruin" — steno fragment; possibly "Ryan, you're on" or similar; verify audio] Ryan ruin

MR. CAUGHEY:
have another sorry
(A discussion was held off the record.)

THE WITNESS:
right

BY MR. CAUGHEY:

give one second actually okay this Exhibit No.
246 an E-mail that you received from Jonathan Love March 23rd
2023 right just for the record it is Bates label
28389 this is team meeting agenda that Mr. Love sent right yes.
these meetings were there regular team meetings Yellow Rock around this period don't remember when you typically person some video conferencing platform that occur this team meeting appears to be an E-mail going over operational issues that I would have been involved they had meeting all of these things okay. The first two bullets here talk about the
1031-1032
wells right both of those received permit approvals do you see that that those permit approvals after later date than permit denials that you testified about before right that is correct even though there were some permit denials Yellow Rock still able obtain permits drill wells right appears Yellow Rock attempt obtain other permits beyond for the
1031-1032
wells locations other than southwest part of the dome

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection, foundation. Go ahead. wouldn't know that that's Brad Brandl question Brad Brandl question okay.
if you go to the second page there's last bullet talks about future drilling do you see that (Witness peruses document.) that says
: "future drilling this is longer lead time item should be starting think about next drilling [REVIEW: 'occupation' — possible steno error; may be 'operation' or 'occasion'] do you see that think we'll continue move counterclockwise around dome this next one to two wells will likely on the north side do you see that (Witness peruses document.) Yellow Rock ever pursue wells on the north side of the dome

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form.
ahead wasn't involved from the operational meeting wouldn't have answer that certainly none was ever drilled that's correct this future drilling plan never happened right because new wells were ever drilled that's correct sitting here today, are you aware of plan that Yellow Rock every drill new wells Sulphur Mines dome aware of wells at any time plan drilling does Yellow Rock plan drill anymore wells

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form; foundation. Go ahead. well, drill west on the southeast side apparently that got --had issues with communication with the dome we had problems on the west side can't permits uhmm letter saying that could be environmental issues thing sink so don't think we're point time where want more capital down hole if all of a sudden we have to put a -- the levee cuts our operations half whole things sinks down in the ground opinion without getting into numbers Yellow Rock
-- certainly would agree
-- spending significant money funding this litigation right they are spending a lot money funding this litigation absolutely have you ever been party conversation where anyone considered spending that money developing this field instead of litigation this point would you advocate spending any of the that money developing that field instead of this litigation

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form; foundation. Go ahead.

MR. GARNER:
that was talked about with lawyers don't talk about

BY MR. CAUGHEY:

asking attorney/client communications just asking your view Yellow Rock's plans future light of the capital available to it.

MR. MADIGAN:
same go ahead

A. wouldn't know we had seismic data that said we have million barrels on the north side and that was the case -- don't know that is the case at this point, but it's a possibility, yes.

Q. you're not aware current plans drill

A. I am aware permit denials that you've referred multiple times

Q. do you know if there's been anymore recent subsequent attempts to permit those wells or well locations

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form and foundation.

A. after the letter from the state.

Q. didn't even think about that possibility do you know if anyone ever tried

A. I do not know

Q. company would be most knowledgeable about permitting efforts strategy

A. well, it would be Jonathan Love would be Brad Brandl

Q. Now, have look this future drilling you have no basis to conclude that permit would ever denied on the north side of the dome because of the Westlake issues right

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form.

A. that's correct on the east side west side correct

MR. MADIGAN:
same

A. this time I don't believe have any knowledge of that right

Q. you can that document away I've hand what's been mark Exhibit No.

this one seems have been successfully redacted Bates label is
239335 it's Exhibit No.

take look let me know when you are ready

(Whereupon, Exhibit No. 247, was marked for Identification.)

(Witness peruses document.)

Q. right and I apologize disorganization what was the Bates number on that document?

A. I'm now having difficulty finding it.
9335

Q. this document right here?

MR. MADIGAN:
wait.

wait it's
239355

THE WITNESS:
239355

BY MR. CAUGHEY:

all right.
this is board update document dated March 22nd,
2022, right? That's what it says. It's actually -- think that's a typo. If you look at the balance summary data, it says March
2023. Do you see that right under that? Yes.
These board update type documents routinely created in the company. I've never seen this. Okay. So that would be -- know my knowledge. Think only question. Think under Yellow Rock financing, do you see the first section on the front of
(Witness peruses document.)
it says letter agreement whereby Yellow Rock receives financing, drill
10311032
through drill earn, White Top will well bores, until return achieved, then Yellow Rock will be assigned well bores back. Do you have familiarity with that transaction? Never happened. Never happened. That's right. Okay.
You can put that document away. Do you have understanding of why it didn't happen? Handing what's been marked Exhibit No.
248
Bates label
22224.
Right. This is an E-mail exchange that you had with Mr. Love in June of
2023, right? He's asking about average production, right? You say would that be barrels a day. Were you a keeper of production data in the company? [AUDIO: whisper heard "Were you the keeper of production data in the company I" — verify] Would that be information kept in the cloud where you keep your information? That was prepared. The location would receive an E-mail and let me know what the productions were, well by well, then would record in an Excel spreadsheet. It's in the cloud. Okay.
Those Excel spreadsheets would be in the cloud. In the cloud. Okay.
You can put that document away. I've handed you Exhibit No.
This Bates label
223863.
Exhibit No.
249, an E-mail that you sent to Jonathan Love and Jonathan Barrett, August 17th,
2023, right?
(Whereupon, Exhibit No. 249, was marked for Identification.)
(Witness peruses document.)
Yes.
I apologize. Somehow the Excel didn't print. The attached Excel didn't print. Think because of database issues. Were you sending Mr. Love what you say is updated financial information, right? That's correct. It says updated financial statements reclassifying investment in Yellow Rock. Do you see that? What was -- do you recall what this reclassification of the Yellow Rock investment was? Don't -- the understanding from looking at your words, what you were referring to there.
No.
I really don't. Okay. You say big loss this year compared to
2022, to the revenue stream through July being
80% lower. Lower prices. Monthly sales compared to last year this period. Do you see that? Lower prices would refer to lower prices, right? That is correct. Lower prices would be referring to selling less. That's correct. If you sell less at less prices, you're going to make less money. Yes, sir. It's not attributing this big loss to anything that Westlake did, right? Well,
2023 didn't have
1031 line per se. Weren't producing what should have been producing. That's interpretative of the -- that you interpret -- interpreting that the
1031 well, had it been drilled without problems, that would have a lot more revenue that time period. [REVIEW: Witness testified earlier that problems with 1031 well could not be attributed to Westlake — possible contradiction with this testimony. Verify audio and cross-reference earlier testimony.] Testified earlier that
1031 well, couldn't attribute any of problems to Westlake. True.

MR. MADIGAN: Objection to form; foundation; time before happened; this is six, seven months later.

A. Sure. Following that distinction, the 1031 well -- well, which I [AUDIO: audio check heard "Could you tell me how your responsibilities or area of work for Yellow Rock" — verify] Brad Brandl's deposition -- could you tell [REVIEW: fragment; missing question setup. Verify audio.] pieces of -- there was water issues that created some problems in the 1031 well, and that could have been attributed to the lower production numbers from that point. Answer your question? Contributing to less production [AUDIO: whisper heard "Could you tell me how your responsibilities or area of work for Yellow Rock" — verify] -- asked Westlake -- Westlake at fault? Saying that's interpretative. Did it have effect to the 1031 well.

Q. Don't mention Westlake in this E-mail. Fair to say?

A. Don't

Q. That question -- watched before -- Brandl's deposition? Briefly?

A. Watched [via] Zoom.

(Witness indicating.)

Q. From your home in Florida? From [your] office in Florida?

A. From office. Florida.

Q. Did you watch anyone else's depositions?

A. Uhmm, no.

Q. What spurred [you to] watch Mr. Brandl's deposition?

A. Just curious. Deposition possibly coming. Said [I] never remembered being in a deposition. It's been a long time. Am I just [AUDIO: whisper heard "It's been a long time since I shaved." — verify] familiar with [how it] runs? Didn't spend a lot of time [on it].

Q. Witness, after the fact -- transcripts? People's depositions? If [you] really wanted [to know] what everybody said, [you] would read transcripts.

A. Have you read transcripts? [AUDIO: whisper heard "Have you read but not read not no, I did not have you received the transcripts. " — verify]

Q. Have [you] received transcripts?

A. Have [them]. Didn't know if I personally received them, no.

Q. Okay. Approximately how long did you listen to Mr. Brandl's deposition?

A. A couple hours.

Q. You can put that document away. Now, handing [you] what's been marked Exhibit No. 250. This Bates label [REVIEW: Bates label appears truncated — '055' only; verify full Bates number.] 055. Take a quick gander. Let me know when you're ready.

(Witness peruses document.)

(Whereupon, Exhibit No. 250, was marked for Identification.)

Q. All right. Read some of this. This is a presentation from August 2023 fundraise. Do you see that? Do you recall that there was an August 2023 fundraise?

A. Don't [recall]. Okay.

Q. You're aware of [a] fundraise -- between one from late 2022, early 2023 -- this August fundraise? Are you?

A. Well, don't remember exact date. No, we [had] some fundraise [AUDIO: whisper heard "the exact date. So I know we had some fundraisers in that year, I would assume. " — verify] -- he is that year -- would assume. Okay.

Q. All right. If you look [at] the first substantive page, last three digits -- August fundraise?

A. Right. Yes, sir.

Q. Just want [to] direct [you] first to the very bottom. Total funding required for this program [is] a million -- $250,000?

A. Yes.

Q. And that [is the] amount of this August 2023 fundraise?

A. Right. If it happened in August, yes.

Q. Around that time. Uh-huh. There had been [a] million [dollar] fundraise earlier that year -- 2023?

A. Right. That was December [or] January. There is another quarter million. We're [at] $15 million [REVIEW: math check — $250K + prior raise + this raise; verify total against exhibits.]. This fundraise successful, to your recollection?

Q. Successful in the fact that [it] paid [for] these costs incurred -- obviously, 1031 uphole recompletion?

A. Don't think of that. Don't remember. I don't believe that was that successful. 1018 uphole recompletion -- sure that was successful. My knowledge -- don't remember. These wells were successful -- that wasn't [the] question. Think [I] misunderstood [the] question. This presentation shows [a] solicitation [for] a million -- $250,000 [in] investment capital. That capital [was] raised, I believe.

Q. Okay. Says total funding required for this program [is a] million -- $250,000. Then says implied enterprise value -- $0.70 [to] $10 million. How do you read that second sentence?

MR. MADIGAN: Objection to form. Go ahead.

(Witness peruses document.)

A. [AUDIO: whisper heard "$10 million, they're saying. Of Yellow Rock, right? Well, I'm not sure if it say" — verify] [IMPLIED] that means that they're saying that the enterprise value [is] $10 million — they're saying Yellow Rock, right? Well, sure, if it says Yellow Rock per se, that's the enterprise being valued. What other enterprise would be valued? Could be these particular wells they're talking about. I don't know.

Q. Now, at the bottom — very — just starting this page —

A. Uh-huh.

Q. — the new shares will be offered [at] $0.70 [a] share, which is [a] percent reduction to the last offering [due] to the risks associated with litigation over [the] spend on the 1031 well. Do you see that?

A. [REVIEW: response not captured — verify audio]

Q. Were you involved [in] pricing those shares?

A. That was more Jonathan Love['s] involvement [than] mine. [I] wasn't involved — [I was] aware of [it but] wasn't involved [in] making that decision.

Q. Explain — you are aware [but] [didn't] necessarily think [you needed to be involved]? [REVIEW: question fragmented — verify audio]

A. [I] think there was [a] discussion about this valuation versus [the] dollar [amount] which we had been [using]. If you want — that's what [I'm] aware of. We had that discussion.

Q. That discussion — well, Jonathan Love probably indicated that [to] Jonathan Barrett?

A. [I] would assume that. [That] implies [a] percent decrease [in] valuation [per] share. That does [seem right].

Q. Did you perform [any] work [or] analysis [to] reach that number?

A. That I am not aware of.

Q. Did you agree with that number?

MR. MADIGAN: Objection, foundation.

A. I don't know if I agreed [or] disagreed at that time.

Q. Now, were [you] still [at] White Top [at] this point, right?

A. Uhmm. I am still [at] White Top [at] this time.

Q. Did you [have access to] White Top's books [and] financials? [AUDIO: whisper heard "Did you, for White Top's books and financials, have to record or mark the valuat" — verify]

A. [As] half [of the] record [for the] mark valuation [of] Yellow Rock [as a] White Top asset — well, [the] consolidated books [had] both [companies]. [It] wasn't really separate — [it was] consolidated [for] both companies with their financials. [REVIEW: testimony fragmented — verify audio]

Q. Consolidated financial statement?

A. Consolidated financial statement. There's [no] separate White Top financial statement listing [just] their assets [and] liabilities. They are consolidated. You can [see] line items going down to the bold bullets — [the] uphole recompletion [—] those funds were spent, there was no return [on] that investment, right?

A. [AUDIO: whisper heard "I don't remember how many barrels produced from that recompletion." — verify] [I] don't remember how many wells [or] how many barrels were produced from that recompletion.

Q. Then [the next] bullet[] down says [the] well [needs] million [dollars and you] currently have [the] 1028 [well] drill[-]ready. Do you see that?

A. [REVIEW: response not captured — verify audio]

Q. That was one of the purposes [of] this fundraise, right?

A. That was it — it looks like [a] purpose [of] this. Yes.

Q. That million — whatever that was — was never actually spent [to] drill that well?

A. That is correct.

Q. What was that million spent [on]?

A. [I] wouldn't know [at] this time.

Q. Then [the] million-and-a-half would be committed [to] paying [the] remaining revolver. Do you see that?

A. Do I [see] that? [I am] done. Yes, sure.

Q. What makes [you] sure? Because [it was] paid?

A. [I] do[n't] know [about] that revolver. [I] think [it was] paid.

Q. That uphole recompletion [was] done? I believe [the] 1018 [was] attempted. Yes.

A. [REVIEW: Q/A label unclear — verify audio for speaker attribution]

Q. Now, if you go [to] slide eight — which ends — by the way — this presentation [was] sent [to] potential [and] existing potential investors, right?

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form, foundation. I wouldn't know. Well, I don't understand this to be the type of presentation that Yellow Rock would send investors. Said existing -- this is an investor presentation, right?

A. Yes.

Q. Okay. Yellow Rock certainly tried to always be very truthful, accurate, and candid with investors, right?

A. I didn't have a lot of involvement with the investors communicating.

Q. So that's a Jonathan Love question. To your knowledge, Yellow Rock tried to always be very truthful and candid there -- other -- with investors, right?

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form. Go ahead.

A. Hope -- [AUDIO: whisper heard "Now, we saw that when White Top invested in 2018 or so, the hope was to drill do" — verify]

Q. This slide eight, it's giving a summary of -- I think it's a post-drill geological analysis for the 1031 well. Would you agree with that?

(Witness peruses document.)

(No response.)

Q. That's just what this slide is purporting to detail. This slide was done in August of 2023. They -- [REVIEW: transition phrase unclear — verify audio] -- belief -- [REVIEW: word unclear, possibly "the belief at" or "their belief at"] -- this case -- then I believe them. The operational team says -- bold, right -- the very bottom: "We believe there are three to four" -- sorry -- "three to five more wells that can be" -- it's actually -- "drilled" -- think should be "drilled in this area" -- typo, probably, right -- "that area, southeast portion of the dome," right? Says northeast, southwest directions. I don't know -- that's the southwest part of the dome, maybe it's northeast, southwest of the wellbore. I don't know. Well, the 1031 well is in the southeast portion of the dome, right?

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form and foundation. Go ahead.

A. Yes.

Q. And this time, August of 2023, this is after the permit denials that you testified to previously, right?

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form, foundation.

A. But it was two months before we got the state indicating that we cannot drill anymore because of environmental issues.

Q. That was two months before this. Didn't know about this until two months after this. That wasn't the question. Sorry. That question -- this -- testified earlier -- uh-huh -- that before this time, right, Yellow Rock had permits denied for wells in the southwest portion of the dome, right?

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form. Go ahead.

A. Yes.

Q. Even after the permit denials, Yellow Rock was telling investors that there are three to five more wells that could be drilled near 1031, right?

A. Yes. They just -- to be very clear -- that -- think the Fall 2023 order from regulators that you've been referring to -- your understanding that that -- regulators forbid drilling activities in parts of the dome -- Yellow Rock's entire leasehold?

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form, foundation. Go ahead.

A. That would be my interpretation. It may not be operation's interpretation. My interpretation there was an extreme environmental issue coming. [AUDIO: whisper heard "It may not be operational interpretation, but my interpretation was there was an" — verify] Took -- yes, that's what I believed.

Q. You can put that document away. Have you ever heard of the firm Tim Morton & Associates?

A. That name is real familiar.

Q. Do you know what an SPCC plan is?

A. Other than being familiar, do you have any knowledge of Tim Morton & Associates?

A.  It's a real familiar name itself, to be honest with you. I don't know what service they would provide.

Q. Going to hand you Exhibit No. -- this bears Bates label 249174.

(Whereupon, Exhibit No. 251, was marked for Identification.)

(Witness peruses document.)

MR. MADIGAN:
Thanks.  This is

MR. CAUGHEY:
Yes, sir.

BY MR. CAUGHEY:

Exhibit No.
251 starts with the E-mail exchange that you had with Jo Beth Taylor October 23rd,
2023, right? Yeah. Didn't read the whole thing. Yes, that appears to be the case. This around time of the emergency order from the Department of Natural Resources that you've been referencing, right? Yes, sir. This was forwarded to you, Mr. Love Garcia, Jo Beth Taylor, right? Uhmm, looking second E-mail down on the front page. Yes, okay.
Jo Beth Taylor, contractor, permitting work, government relations, Yellow Rock; is that right? Yes. That behalf does -- still passed away. Oh, no. Sorry to hear that. Yeah, great lady. When -- that -- do you know? Uhmm, ten months. That work -- up until passed away, Yellow Rock, pretty much December. Anyone that work -- y'all retained same firm? We had some employees that had been with -- letter a long time. Uhmm, we're hoping that case they will be able provide same levels of service, and that's -- company, yes.
Wrote
Ms.
Taylor -- Ms. Taylor
: "Maybe state let us know of the interested parties, we can notify them." What were you telling
Ms.
Taylor? (Witness peruses document.) That's a good question. Maybe internal technical group. Don't know the answer to that, to be honest with you. Okay. You can -- that away, although might come back. Maybe aside -- hold one second. I've handed Exhibit No.
Exhibit No.
2 -- first Exhibit No.
252
Bates label
YR-327938
Exhibit No.
252 an E-mail exchange -- E-mail which is sending an E-mail, Jonathan Love, July 3rd of
2024;
is that right? (Whereupon, Exhibit No. 252, was marked for Identification.) (Witness peruses document.) That is correct. Subject, White Top seismic cost. Do you see that? Uhmm, that category, yes.
Okay.
Jonathan Love -- understanding Jonathan Love -- were sending this -- Jonathan Love, I guess, were sending an E-mail from a couple years before -- were sending -- I guess wanted -- this is -- this still doesn't include some of other costs that are loosely related to the shoot. This also doesn't include current interpretation where salt face analysis work. Have you ever seen analysis work about salt dome location? Wouldn't have seen that. That's more Jonathan Love, Brad Brandl question, anybody from the team, yes.
That -- document away. Are you aware that Londquist -- some work, Yellow Rock, over the years? Yes.
Did you ever interact with Londquist? Never. Did you ever review any of Londquist's work, what you recall? I've handed Exhibit No.
253, bears Bates label
YR-201474. Okay. This Exhibit No.
253, an E-mail exchange that you are involved with, with folks from Luminus, some folks from firm called Alvarez & Marsal. Do you see that? What, Alvarez & Marsal? That's -- I believe they provide services, work, Sunny Solar. They an evaluation firm? Wouldn't know that. It looks like, based on the title, evaluation services. Yeah. And says "White Top Energy,
LLC Q3 Evaluation." Do you see that? (Witness peruses document.) Are you aware of any evaluation of White Top Energy that has been performed, Alvarez & Marsal? Do you have understanding what your involvement this E-mail exchange? You're involved this, yes. I would probably provide cash balances, might provide lease operating expenses.
Might provide production data, some of the components that they would need -- evaluate a valuation -- [AUDIO: whisper heard "I would provide a lot of the inputs." — verify] provide inputs, would provide a lot -- inputs, all of them. If you go, for instance,
YR-201481, near bottom, let me know when you're there. (Witness peruses document.) Okay, there is an E-mail from Cibulsky, yes.
I believe with Luminus, uh-huh, where says
: "To the February capital activity, need Alvarez & Marsal perform February 28th, 2023 valuation." Yes.
Do you know what that valuation --
[REVIEW: line 1031 — appears to be a steno line-number artifact inserted into testimony; verify and remove if confirmed]
Well, I would have to guess this reflects that Luminus at least seeking Alvarez & Marsal valuation, White Top

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form; foundation.

Go ahead.

[REVIEW: Heavily fragmented steno — multiple Q/A exchanges collapsed. Verbatim reconstruction attempted below based on context. Reporter must verify audio for this entire section.]

Q. [AUDIO: whisper heard "You can put that away." — verify] appears [AUDIO: audio check heard "You can put that away." — verify] — have you — you don't know what the conclusions were of that valuation? You can [REVIEW: word missing] that away.

Now, hands — what's been marked Exhibit No. 254?

A. Okay.

Q. This is another one where [AUDIO: whisper heard "But we don't need it anyway for now." — verify] — don't need [AUDIO: audio check heard "But we don't need it anyway for now." — verify] anyway now.

This bears Bates label — Exhibit 254 bears Bates label 192552.

Exhibit No. 254 [is] an E-mail exchange that you had with Jonathan Love, December 1st, 2024; right?

A. Yes.

Q. Mr. Love [is] asking [you to] send [him the] shares outstanding in the a.m.; right?

A. Yes.

Q. [I] would understand that to be [a] request [for] the different share counts of the shareholders [of] White Top; right?

A. Absolutely.

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form; foundation.

THE WITNESS:
Absolutely.

BY MR. CAUGHEY:

Q. That's information [you] keep [as] part of your business — right? Part of your role?

A. Yes.

Q. And that would also be stored in the cloud; right?

A. Yes.

Q. [The] attachment, which we don't have, says final participation 2024 [REVIEW: amount missing — "million" appears in steno but dollar figure is absent]. Do you see that?

A. Uhmm — here — yes.

Q. [To] just recap, we had seen [a] [REVIEW: amount missing] million fundraise [in] late 2022, early 2023, then [a] four[-]quarter million[-]dollar fundraise [in] August 2023. Does this suggest to you there was [a] three-and-a-half[-]million[-]dollar fundraise [in] February 2024?

A. [I] would surmise yes.

Q. Okay. [We] then discussed earlier that there was [a] fundraise [in] December of 2025; right? [Let's] talk about that. What was the amount of that fundraise?

A. [I] think [I] said [REVIEW: amount missing] million, didn't [I]? That was December 22nd. Uhmm — [I] would have [to] take a guess — nine — [REVIEW: "laugh" — possible steno artifact for "laughs" or interjection; verify audio] — million. I may be wrong.

Q. Between this February 2024 [and] December 2025, are you aware of other fund-raising initiatives?

A. [I] don't remember dates. I'm sorry.

Q. Okay. [The] million [dollar] number [we] talked about [at] some length — is that recorded somewhere? Is that on your [REVIEW: word missing — "mind"? "end"?]?

A. It's not [on my] mind — [REVIEW: "brought have that documented" — steno fragment] — [we] have that documented in our financials.

Q. Okay. In the cloud? On your hard drive?

A. It's not [a hard] drive — just [AUDIO: whisper heard "Back in the old days, I would call that drive." — verify] — back in the days [I] would call that [a] drive.

Q. Fair enough. It's in your cloud storage; right?

A. Okay.

Q. [I'm] going [to] jump around [a] little bit timeline[-]wise. [I'm] handing [you] what's been marked Exhibit No. 255.

(Whereupon, Exhibit No. 255, was marked for Identification.)

(Witness peruses document.)

MR. MADIGAN:
Thank you. Hold on.
You're fast. Exhibit No.
255, an E-mail exchange that you had with Jonathan Love, other April
2023, right? Yes.
CC'd? Yes.
Under Bates label
329492. It's directed to the board. Do you see that? In the line Jonathan Barrett, Carlos -- Colorado lawyer -- that you were -- I'm sorry. I believe he is as well. I guess Mr. Easley certainly sat on the board as of that point. Do you see that? Does he still today? I believe so. Then who is Peter -- Eric Galley? He is in the line, another board member. Do you know anything about -- okay.
You say this is a communication from Mr. Love to the board -- I guess the Board of White Top. Is that your understanding? It appears to be. He's requesting funding for the
1031/1032
wells with proposed terms in the bullet points. Are you aware whether funding was ever actually completed or arranged along those lines? Okay.
How do you know that none of these terms that I see here happened? That I am aware of,
1031 was drilled because Yellow Rock [REVIEW: 'out of the money' — possible steno fragment; may be 'ran out of money'] drill -- because of the cost overruns on the
1031 well?

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form and foundation. Go ahead. [REVIEW: 'opinion would have been because of the environmental issues that we were faced' — speaker unclear; may be witness answer continuation or attorney commentary. Verify audio.]

MR. CAUGHEY: I have run out of exhibit stickers.
THE COURT REPORTER: No, you have never. Hold on.

BY MR. CAUGHEY:

I've handed you Exhibit No. 256.
(Whereupon, Exhibit No. 256, was
marked for Identification.)
(Witness peruses document.)

MR. MADIGAN:
Thank you. Do you recognize -- first of all, Exhibit No. 256, Bates 239768.
Do you recognize Exhibit No. 256? [REVIEW: '16th 2023' — steno fragment; likely a date such as 'the 16th of [month], 2023.' Verify audio.]
E-mail exchange between Jonathan Love and Rick Halprin -- you're Rick Halprin -- sorry, it's that time of day -- between yourself and Jonathan Love, right? Yes.
Subject line: Costs. Do you see that? Attachment:
1031 update. Do you see that? This is in the
2023 [REVIEW: year appears truncated; full date likely precedes. Verify.]
Mr. Love writes and says: "[AUDIO: whisper heard "Probably have to cut pipe tonight, which means we will be sidetracking as well." — verify] Right, we are still stuck, probably have to cut pipe tonight, which means we will sidetrack this well." Do you see that?
(Witness peruses document.)
Do you understand what he's referring to there? He's referring to exactly what it says -- we're downhole, pipe is stuck, and if we want to go forward we have to pipe around the area of return. Okay. Your understanding of pipe stuck -- I don't know [REVIEW: speaker unclear here; may be witness or attorney. Verify.] -- pipe stuck.
It says: "Given the fact that Brad believes the sidetrack will total well cost [AUDIO: whisper heard "well cost at $3 million, we won't have enough dry powder to drill the 1032," — verify] million, we won't have enough powder to drill
1032."
Working with [AUDIO: whisper heard "It has the subject line of Storm Harbor Securities KYC due diligence information" — verify] on the issue. Do you see that?
(Witness peruses document.)
Does that refresh your recollection that Yellow Rock ran out of money to drill
1031?

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form; foundation.

Go ahead.

It does that -- what Jonathan Love communicating there, isn't it -- communicate time that away.

I've handed what's been marked Exhibit Number 257.

(Whereupon, Exhibit No. 257, was marked for Identification.)

(Witness peruses document.)

Q. Is Exhibit 257 an E-mail exchange -- an E-mail that you received from Jonathan Love August 3rd of 2023; isn't that right?
A. Yes.

Q. Subject: 1031 well review. He has two -- good -- one E/2 Geo review. Do you see that there is an attachment -- some meeting notes?
A. Uh-huh.

Q. Sounds like it says: "Please see notes from today."
A. Sounds like these notes being circulated in advance of some meeting.

Q. It appears to be that way. There is an elevator code -- sounds like an in-person meeting. Do you recall attending this meeting -- an operational meeting?
A. I probably would have been there.

Q. Okay. Were you included on the communication?
A. Yes.

Q. Here -- do you have a White Top E-mail address? Did you ever have a Yellow Rock E-mail address?
A. Still -- still.

Q. Do you have a personal E-mail address?
A. Yes.

Q. And what's your personal E-mail address?
A.  @yahoo.com.

Q. Have you ever used that E-mail address to communicate about Yellow Rock matters?
A. Never.

Q. Have you ever texted with Jonathan Love, Tom Easley, any of the other folks we've been talking about, about business matters?
A. Never.

Q. Do you text in a personal capacity only?
A. Only when -- when have.

Q. Fair enough. In response, Mr. Love writes, "Last thought -- don't gather often -- team would like this meeting to be constructive. This is not intended to be personal in any way. Want to learn from this well. Next one -- success in the opposite category." Do you see this?

(Witness peruses document.)

A. That's a reflection, right, that the 1031 well had not been successful -- the company trying to learn from the lack of success of that well?

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form; foundation.

Go ahead.

A. Okay, it appears that way, yes.

Q. What's your understanding of the terminology "opposite category" -- operations, geology -- they're trying to make the next well more successful from an operations and geological perspective?

MR. MADIGAN:
Objection to form; foundation.

Go ahead.

A. That's what it appears to be, yes.

Q. When it says in the subject line of the E-mail "E/2 Geo review" -- what is that referring to, do you know?
A. I would assume it's the east half.

Q. Could be anything -- the east half of the dome -- that's what it's referring to?
A. May be wrong -- completely wrong.

Q. It's your best reading?
A. Yes.

Q. Then there are meeting notes attached. Do you see that?

(Witness peruses document.)

A. I don't recall attending this meeting.

Q. Right -- probably wouldn't understand most of it?
A. Fair enough.

Q. If you go to the second page -- real quickly -- there is a second page and there is a reference to Milstead.
A. Uh-huh.

Q. What -- Milstead -- Milstead -- drilling engineer, location -- okay.

You can put that document away.

MR. GARNER:
Your stack is getting [REVIEW: word unclear — appears truncated; possibly "big" or "tall" — verify audio].

MR. CAUGHEY:
Depends on how you look at it -- think so.

Q. All right. Here's what I think -- I should -- I think I should take about a ten-minute break. I'll sort through my stuff, make sure I don't have anything else. I'll probably have more questions -- maybe many.

MR. GARNER:
Sounds good.

MR. MADIGAN:
Sounds good.

THE VIDEOGRAPHER:
(Off the record.)
The time is 3:58 p.m. we are off the record.

(Recess.)

THE VIDEOGRAPHER:
We are back on the record. The time is 4:14 p.m.

BY MR. CAUGHEY:

Q. Focusing on earlier Yellow Rock -- your tenure, the years from 2018 to 2021, before Mr. Love, before Luminus came [in as] owners -- did you think Yellow Rock was mismanaged during that period, or thought [they] made some mistakes?

A. Yes.

Q. What were those?

A. We were undercapitalized. Uhmm, [as I] said before, [the] team [was] dysfunctional. We had Patricia there with her issues with her staff group. Then we had some problems early with drilling of the wells. And what's been marked [as] Exhibit No. 258 --

(Whereupon, Exhibit No. 258, was
marked for Identification.)

MR. GARNER:
This is the last [one], right?

BY MR. CAUGHEY:

this exhibit number 258 [REVIEW: duplicate exhibit reference — "258Exhibit No. 258" appears to be steno artifact; formatted as single reference] Bates label YR-287227
Yellow Rock's Bates label let me know when you're ready right exhibit number 258, Exhibit No. 258, an E-mail that Mr. Love sent I guess copied from October 17th,
2023 right
A. Uhmm, yes.
Q. Folks in the line are the White Top board members right
A. Uhmm, yes, they are
Q. Subject line if you go down to calendar invite White Top board meeting do you see that
(Witness peruses document.)
A. White Top board meeting yes, I do
Q. That were invited that White Top board meeting right cc'd that sure if I invite to the board meeting certainly were sent Zoom meeting that would have accessed that board link, right?
A. There is a Zoom link there that might be for the people live out of town right
Q. Told earlier recalled attending only one White Top board meeting ever; isn't that right
A. That I remember, that's correct
Q. Do you have recollection attending this meeting
A. No.
Q. Were there often White Top's board meet would have collect with Jonathan Love [REVIEW: question appears incomplete or fragmented — verify audio]
A. That really don't remember
Q. Were materials circulated advance of the meeting like this E-mail would think they won't be necessary yes.
A. Wait said yes, there should be don't know there had been if I didn't attend the Board meetings there should have been material to the board review
Q. Do you know if it's update operational update do you know White Top maintains sent [REVIEW: "tramcentral" — likely steno artifact; possible "central" or other term — verify audio] repository of the Board documents board documentation aware of that
A. You're not aware of anything in the cloud like that aware of anything like that would be Jonathan Love Tom Easley
Q. If you go to the very here last couple pages there's operations update memo uh-huh do you see that last page
A. Oh, yes operation summary operation what it's just document with the title White Top Energy, Yellow Rock, LLC Sulphur Mines Field Operations Update.
Q. Do you see that
(Witness peruses document.)
A. That do you see that [AUDIO: whisper heard "It has the subject line of Storm Harbor Securities KYC due diligence information" — verify]
Q. Were these reports created quarterly basis
A. I assume that
Q. You received these reports quarterly basis
A. Probably provided information this report probably. The legacy wells could have been I could have sent just little one line item Jonathan to let him know he may include data sure this particular case okay.
Q. Then paragraph under operational summary references funds from August capital raise were used revolver interest full remaining expenses associated with completing
1031 well do you see that
(Witness peruses document.)
Q. And understand that refers to the August
2023 capital raise previously
A. I believe that's case okay.
Q. If you go down to the
1031 says it's currently producing barrels per day right that
1031 currently doesn't produce anything right
A. That's correct

MR. CAUGHEY:
I have no further questions today unless other folks then need respond

MS. HEBERT:
I have no questions

MR. MADIGAN:
Anybody on the Zoom — auction style — going once, going twice

MR. GARNER:
We're ending  nobody questions

MR. MADIGAN:
All right

MR. CAUGHEY:
Anything

MR. MADIGAN:
Nothing from [REVIEW: sentence appears truncated — verify audio]

THE WITNESS:
Thank you so much

THE VIDEOGRAPHER:
This concludes the deposition at 4:19 p.m.

THE COURT REPORTER:
Do you want the rough draft, Mr. Garner?

MR. GARNER:
I do.

MR. CAUGHEY:
[REVIEW: MR. CAUGHEY's response not captured — verify audio.]

THE COURT REPORTER:
Amie, do you want the rough draft?

MS. HEBERT:
if you're handing
. I don't really need Marybeth
THE COURT REPORTER:
then won't give to you, no worries.
Time noted:
4:20 p.m.

(Whereupon, the proceedings were adjourned at 4:20 p.m.)